Rorschach,1,[No mods this is not a duplicate it makes sense if you play the game. I'm sorry that my initial setup looks like spam. We'll be using all three threads. They're not the same.]






The rain falls steadily, the castle rising up.

The carriage we follow in this wet muck sprays up mud every few yards or so, drenching any passerby more than they were before. The rickety shaft of the undercarriage creaks and groans, before the vehicle eventually comes to a stop, the horses pulling it whinnying in annoyance.

Yet another dark carriage in the line tonight, outside the front gate. Some of their inhabitants were invited and came readily...others...not so much.
Thrown in like sacks of potatoes. Today the thunder does not rush across the landscape. For this is a sad day. This is a day someone dies.

This is Mafia.

Please read the following information carefully. Many rules are not the same, and the setup is atypical from what you are familiar with. Do not sign up until you have read how to sign up.



Spoiler: What is Mafia?



Mafia is all about lies and charisma, or at least synthesized charisma. The game typically follows a cycle of discussion whereupon a player is voted out of the game, followed by a cycle where silence reigns, and players may submit their actions which could include such types of things as protection, killing, or investigation.

The game is normally composed of 2 main factions, an uninformed majority, traditionally referred to as "town" or "village," and an informed minority known as "mafia" or "wolves." The wolves' goal is to equal or outnumber the townies, while the town's goal is to eliminate all wolves.

Sometimes there are additional alignments, such as additional mafia factions, or third party roles which can win with any side, or with nobody else.






Spoiler: The General Rules



These rules do not follow a priority system. They are considered sacred, and will not take precedence over one another. These rules may be pre-empted by more game-specific rules, but unless you are explicitly told otherwise either in an official DM by me, or by a specific rule governing a thread posted by me, these rules are hard and fast.

Obey all rules associated with the forum.
Do not discuss the game outside of this thread or host-approved DMs.
Play towards you or your alignments win condition.
Do not post anything in the thread after you die. Memes are fine, as long as they are not game related in any way.
Do not post game related stuff during the cycle at which actions are traditionally resolved. (This is normally referred to as a "night" phase.)
Do not post anything I send you in a DM in any way. This includes copy-pasting, screenshotting or capturing images in any other way. I will give you explicit permission if you are allowed to share something. Otherwise, assume you are not.
Paraphrasing things is fine.
You may not delete your posts, nor edit the post such that the content of the post's meaning is changed. This means only fix grammatical or spelling mistakes if you are editing your posts.
This game will be run across three threads. You will only need to keep track of 2, and only one of those two will have discussion at a time. (Traditionally referred to as a "day" phase.)
As a moderator, I am not bound to always tell the truth. I will avoid lying where possible, but to keep the integrity of the setup, it may necessitate explicitly lying about certain functionalities until they have been triggered.
Nights will be action phases, while days will be discussion phases.
Alignments in other threads are not indicative of alignments in this thread, and vice-versa.
I will not respond to in thread tags.
I will not answer questions in thread.
I will not read questions in thread.
I will respond to my oldest DMed question first. So if you spitfire, sorry it's just I gotta handle the load in one order or another.
You may not discuss a different game in a different thread. (No discussing Game A in Game B's thread.)
This includes Game A/C Combos. Even if you're not playing in both, you may not discuss the one you're not in in your host thread.

I could lie and say that flavor isn't alignment indicative, but that would be a lie. Flavor could be alignment indicative. Or role indicative. Or both.
Duplicates are possible. Even flavor duplicates.

Vote ties are not necessarily handled the same way cycle to cycle or game to game. If not specified at the start of a cycle, assume that it is whoever was at the higher number of votes the longest.
If Player A has 8 votes and Player B has 7 votes, then someone votes player B, player A is still lynched.
If instead someone unvotes player A, player A is still lynched.

No roles are banned from play. This includes OG Jester which kills everyone when it wins.
The bot is doing vote counts. (Thanks Mark.)
Due to the nature of the setup, hydras are discouraged but not outlawed.
THERE IS NOT DEAD CHAT. 
THERE IS NO SPECTATOR'S CHAT.
YOU DO NOT RECEIVE THE ROLE LIST UPON DEATH. 
YOU MAY NOT DISCUSS THE GAME UPON DEATH.




The following three spoilers will discuss specific rules that are different between the three concurrent games. Signing up for game A or game C will also sign you up for game B.


Spoiler: Rules: Game A



As with the previous rules section, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game A's thread specifically.

The capacity of players in this thread must be at a maximum, one less than the capacity of players in Game C. For preference, this game will have two less players than Game C. It runs most optimally with 9 or more players.
Being lynched in this game means you lose the game. Winners get to live to tell about it. Losers do not.
The game follows a traditional layout of Day Discussion and Night Actions. Cycles will last approximately 48 hours each (Night=48hrs, Day=48hrs), but will be updated at the start of each cycle to clarify as needed.
The order of operations for this game is hidden. As such, you will not receive it if asking.
The "town," or uninformed majority faction will be referred to as the mafia. The informed minority will be referred to under any of the following names: "werewolf," "sleeper agent," "wolf,"or "machine why is this so unnecessarily confusing"






Spoiler: Rules: Game B



As with the previous rules sections, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game B's thread specifically.

The capacity of players in this thread is at a minimum the summation of the number of players in Games A & C.
Atypical of traditional mafia games, the discussion phase will be referred to as "Night" while the action phase will be referred to as "Day." Cycles will last 48 hours each. (Day will be 48 hours, Night will be 48 hours)
This game will start on "Day 1," meaning it will start on an action phase.
No roles will be handed out for this game until the end of Day 1's cycle. Roles will be assigned as follows:
During Day 1, you will choose a player in the game, and a flavor for them. A role will be assigned based upon that flavor.
Flavors should be something you would borrow or rent from a library or archive. This could include any of the following types of items:
Books
Movies
Music
Journalism
Photography
Or others...

You may not choose yourself as the player to receive the flavor.
You may not coordinate to ensure that everyone receives a flavor. Some books are not yet written...
If a player receives multiple flavors, they may experience any of the following:
Be given the option to select one.
Automatically redirect the flavor onto someone else.
Receive all flavors as their flavor.








Spoiler: Rules: Game C



As with the previous rules sections, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game C's thread specifically.

The capacity of players for this thread is at a minimum, one more than those in Game A. It works best, however, with 11 or more players.
If you are lynched in this game, you are considered to have lost. Winners get to eat cake, and the dead do not eat...or do they?
The game follows a traditional layout of Day Discussion and Night Actions. Cycles will last approximately 48 hours each (Night=48hrs, Day=48hrs), but will be updated at the start of each cycle to clarify as needed.
The rules for this game are subject to update. At the start of each day or night, any updates will be shared in that start post.






Spoiler: Links to Games A, B, & C



Game A
Game B
Game C





Spoiler: Important Mod Posts



PreGame: Flavor Announcements
Day 1 Start
Day 1 End
Night 1 Start
Day 2 Start



Game C:


Spoiler: Living Players



@Gikkle
@10000 Jelly Doughnuts
@Azmimel
@Grones
@Skrimiche
@Red_Pandas
@DAREALMoneyMan
@Mitochondria
@TheHorla
@HunterC98
@CjBeats
@Vizier





Spoiler: Dead Players



@MrEevee7 (Night 1)





Spoiler: Backups



@Venusaur
@Illwei





Spoiler: Spectators



Thaum is the only person allowed to spectate.





Spoiler: Previous Games



Game I
Game II - Minecraft Edition
Game III - Minecraft Mobs
Game IV - Blitz Mafia
Game V - Food Mafia
Game VI - Music Mafia
Game VII - Super Smash Bros
Game VIII - Pokemon
Game IX - Terraria Edition
Game X - Mega Walls
Game XI - Video Game Music Mafia
Game XII - Yu-Gi-Oh
Game XIII - Time Travel Mafia
Game XIV - Night of the Living Goo’s
Game XV - The Library
Game XVI - Kits and Classes U-Pick
Game XVII - Star Wars
Game XVIII - Greater Idea Mafia
Game XIX - Comic Book Edition
Game XX - Chaos Rising
Game XXI - Final Fantasy: ExDeath’s Summon
Game XXII - Hypixel Mafia Players Mafia
Game XXIII - Night of the Living Goos: Part 2
Game XXIV - Pokemon Edition
Game XXVI - Murder in the Northlands
Game XXVII - Video Games
Game XXVIII - Desolate
Game XXIX - Amusement Park Mafia
Game XXX - Restaurant Mafia
Game XXXI - Night of the Living Goo’s Part 3
Game XXXII - Mark’s Hydra Hell
Game XXXIII - Alliance Mafia
Game XXXIV - Ancient Rome Mafia
Game XXXV - Space Mafia
Game XXXVI - Summer Vacation
Game XXXVII - Dawn of War (DnD)
Game XXV - Hypixel Mafia Players Mafia 2
Game XXXVIII - Applying to College
Mini-Mafia 3: Logical Fallacies Edition
Game XXXIX - Evolution Mafia
Game XL - Don’t Starve Mafia
Game XLI - Historical Figures U-Pick
Game XLII - The Suffering Game
Game XLIII - Minecraft Mafia
Mini-mafia 4: King Edition
Mini-mafia 5: Chess Edition
Mini-mafia 6: Meme Mafia 1
Game XLIV - Finale
Game XLV - Year Long Mafia
Mini-mafia 7: Ryast’s Mini
Mini-mafia 8: Jojo’s Bizarre Mafia
Mini-mafia 9: Persona 5
Mini-mafia 10: Kirby’s Mafia Adventure
Mini-mafia 11: Meme Mafia 2
Mini-mafia 12: Playing Cards
Mini-mafia 13: Profound Mafia
Game XLVI - DEFCON Mafia
Game XLVII - A Forgotten Temple
Game XLVIII - Halloween in January
Game XLIX - Mafia Hotel
Game L - A Test of Faith
Game LI - Evolution Mafia 2
Mini-mafia 14: Operating Room
Mini-mafia 15: Diffusion of Power
Mini-mafia 16: Simulation Mafia
Game LII: Conspiracy Mafia
Game LIII: The Legend of Zelda Mafia


TheHorla,2,What's Carpe Jugulum?Rorschach,3,Seize the throat.Azmine,4,HypeGrones,5,Game CDAREALMoneyMan,6,Why is Ryast in both games A and C Grones,7,Shouldn't this be Game C? Also, why is Ryast in both games A and C?Rorschach,8,Cause I'm not very good at hitting backspace a ton of times after copy/paste decides to put an extra space between every line.Rorschach,9,Rectified.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,10,Let's go!Rorschach,11,HOKIES!!!

BA DA DA DA DA DA DAAAAAAAAAAAAAA DUMMMMMMMHunterC98,12,Welp, the games are fixing to begin eh?TheHorla,13,Quick test here:

[vote]mark[/vote]DAREALMoneyMan,14,Quick, hammer mark pregame

[vote]mark[/vote]TheHorla,15,[vote]ryast89[/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,16,Pregame RVS?Skrimiche,17,eRorschach,18,




Esther surveys the room from her high backed chair, her gaunt frame unnerving. The room is littered with damp sacks, some of you climbing out of them. Some of you have been here for a while, chatting idly over tea. In the center of the room is a large cage, covered in a cloth, something rattling at it from the inside. 

"Welcome...to the game. Everyone. You have been briefed on the rules, and if not...well. They are publicly available to you." Esther says, pulling out a pen and holding it, pointing to a bulletin on the wall with the rules. "When you choose who to lynch for today, Chef says he's on vacation. So unfortunately we'll just have to drop them in there." She says, smiling thinly, pointing to the cage in the center of the room, where something growls from the inside. "Well...I shan't keep you...You must have so much to discuss..."

Day 1 starts Now. It ends at 7:45 pm, EST on August 3rd. Twilight will last until 9pm of the same day.Grones,19,Yarrr me hearties! Aweigh anchor and set sail for hammertown!Skrimiche,20,what is up gamersGikkle,21,10000 Jelly Doughnuts,22,[Vote]Skrim[/Vote]
!Gikkle,23,[VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE]Rorschach,24,@Gikkle
@10000 Jelly Doughnuts
@Azmimel
@Grones
@Skrimiche
@Red_PandasGikkle,25,Great minds think alike!Rorschach,26,@Red_Pandas
@DAREALMoneyMan
@Mitochondria
@TheHorla
@MrEevee7Rorschach,27,@HunterC98
@CjBeats
@VizierGrones,28,[vote] Skrim [/vote] make the wench walk the plank!Gikkle,29,Bandwagon moment
susVizier,30,[Vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts[/Vote]Grones,31,yar har har, ye landlubbers got no mind for naval strategy like ye ol' capt'nVizier,32,CAPTAIN!Skrimiche,33,im feeling like absolute buttcheeks so im not actually gonna play the game /sGrones,34,AYE ME HEARTYSkrimiche,35,not sure why a townie would post this even in RVS. seems like something only scum would do for townpointsVizier,36,LOOK!Grones,37,NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NOGikkle,38,Ah... I am so hungry... But food is so far away....Skrimiche,39,ehh, the game's barely started, doesnt really seem alignment-indicative to me. just a heehoo funnee attemptSkrimiche,40,just because it's RVS doesnt mean scum cant slip. i see zero reason for a town!skrim to have posted thatSkrimiche,41,like i said, it was probably just them trying to crack a joke.

+ other people have done similar things in the thread. why havent you been going after them?TheHorla,42,hey guys remember 3 votes is actually nearly halfway to hammer lolGrones,43,Alas me hearties, the lass "Skrimiche" is but a scurvy landlubber stranded at sea, lost her mind.Skrimiche,44,where? i havent seen anyone else try to deflect suspicion off of themselves with a flimsy AtE excuse. if im wrong then go quote themMrEevee7,45,[vote] mito [/vote]Gikkle,46,look at this person, talking to themselves. Insanity!

Though, I myself don't actually have any idea whats going on. Where am I?Skrimiche,47,this is just a waste of time. i shouldnt have to hunt them down for you

[VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE] stop being hypocritical with your readsGikkle,48,[VOTE]MrEevee7[/VOTE]Skrimiche,49,annnnd there's the chainsaw defense! found another scum. [VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE]MrEevee7,50,Omgus
[Vote] gikkle [/vote]TheHorla,51,Skrim you're making me giggle lolSkrimiche,52,but you voted mito?Grones,53,ye be at sea, but that be already beknownst to ye, ye conspirator. Ye and that lass Skrimiche be pirates flying the jolly rodger on open seas!

[Vote] Gikkle [/vote]Skrimiche,54,oh wait i see
disregard silly ol meMrEevee7,55,[vote] grones [/vote]TheHorla,56,What the **** is that pfpMrEevee7,57,Are you townHunterC98,58,crunchitize me capn.

Wait, hows the quote thingie work if the click quote doesnt quote?Vizier,59,Groan

Skrim is confusing me.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,60,THEY COME TO THIS PLACE WHEN THEY KNOW THEY AREN'T PURE!TheHorla,61,
Who are you guys?Rorschach,62,Hunter
ArraTheHorla,63,I repeat the question.HunterC98,64,wazuuuuuuupRorschach,65,From Chucklefish. They're in the discord.Grones,66,Ye click th'reply button, ye freshwater politicianVizier,67,Poyo!TheHorla,68,aaaahhhhhHunterC98,69,oooooooooh...well what does the quote thingie do?Skrimiche,70,no

sorry ;-;TheHorla,71,:Waves:HunterC98,72,skrim is an adorable bat, i see no problems.Grones,73,All yer quotes be stowed away below decks, ye press "insert quotes" to rouse those lazy landlubbers and bring em to yer postMitochondria,74,more like
amiright fellas???Vizier,75,Amgry Poyo.HunterC98,76,ahh, gotcha, thank you!Grones,77,[vote] mito [/vote] this mitochondria science wizardry be black magic, a terrible omen from the heavens, take him to the plank!Azmimel,78,Hi friendsMitochondria,79,oh captain my captain, if you wish for me to die, then die I shall

[vote] Mito [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,80,I would be very suspicious about the votes nearly getting a hammer this time, but I remember this game runs smaller than what we’re used to.HunterC98,81,yeah....i'll call that pun a lynchable offense...
[Vote] mito [vote]Azmimel,82,Quick hammer mito?Mitochondria,83,do it you won't10000 Jelly Doughnuts,84,For future reference, you got to have the slash at the start of the second vote.

just in case that helpsAzmimel,85,No, cause I appreciate that game C gets to say mito is hereHunterC98,86,Ahh....whoops.
[Vote] mito [/vote]

Edit: just to say i properly voted.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,87,Fair enough, but do you have any reasoning why you did that in the first place beyond random voting?HunterC98,88,nothing beyond a sinful punAzmimel,89,Scum team

Eevee
Mito
Panda
SkrimGrones,90,Throwing jests to the wolves, methinks Gikkle and Skrim be conspirators, plotting vile mutiny!

This be a landlubber's shot at pretending not to know the wench, typical freshwater lies. Gikkle may be a scurvy bastard, but he's the eye of the crow's nest for wizardry, no use pretendin to be a fool. Away with them! 

[vote] Gikkle [/vote]Grones,91,Skrim be a vile, lying lass, a stowaway here for vile mutiny!Gikkle,92,I have literally no idea what you're saying.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,93,Scum team:

Grones
Mark
Panda
YouAzmimel,94,Yeah id be okay with that10000 Jelly Doughnuts,95,That would be a stacked team.Grones,96,More lies! Yar har har! Ye be foolin us to think yer heads filled with saltwater!Azmimel,97,Exactly, I wouldn't mind. Except Mark would get lynched too earlyGikkle,98,I admit it, it was a lie. I don't have "no" idea, since I did have SOME idea. I apologize for this horrible offense, second mate. But your pirate speech is confusing, so I don't quite understand what you're trying to say...Azmimel,99,Lynch all liars!

[Vote] gikkle [/vote]Rorschach,100,Before someone asks again.

The town/village win condition is to:
1. Survive
2. Remove all threats to town.Vizier,101,Aye, this is a mutiny capn. Hand over all the bananas and gunpowder.

[Vote] Grones [/vote]HunterC98,102,i vote we test the captain for scurvy.DAREALMoneyMan,103,There is an impostor among us, and he is ourselves

[vote]chucklenuts[/vote]TheHorla,104,Oh, since we're all talking funny:

Heyday ho

pleasen no lynch mesa. Grones isa mafia, mesa thinkHunterC98,105,i wont lie...i was very tempted to change my vote over for the jarjar talk10000 Jelly Doughnuts,106,[Vote]Mark[/Vote]
Jar Jar speaking should be a policy lynch.Red_Pandas,107,


Azmimel,108,I personally am a fan or itVizier,109,Die, they must. 

[Vote]Mark[/Vote]Mitochondria,110,Why?Azmimel,111,I dont think he's randomly accused someone based on gut yet, that's a big tellGrones,112,YE WRETCHED BABOON! I'LL HAVE YE AS SHARK FEED ERE THE WIND CHANGES! 
[vote] Vizier [/vote]Grones,113,I be a lying, murdering, pillaging captain, but no mafia ever lay in me bunk with me. Me hands be clean.Mitochondria,114,Eh, maybe, but I think Pi's been fine so far. The only Pi-adjacent post that I haven't liked thus far is this one from Gikkle:

And I really can't explain why. Something about the post's tone (too serious? too dismissive? idk) just rubbed me the wrong way when I was skimming through.Grones,115,Gut? Gut?! I'll gut ye like a fish, ye scallywag.HunterC98,116,fair thinking, but is that a tell?Mitochondria,117,The Gikkle post? Obviously it's too early to really tell but I think it could be, weirdly defensive or dismissive responses to anything that could be perceived as an attack definitely isn't uncommon scum behavior.Red_Pandas,118,ikr I am so goodRed_Pandas,119,I think pi's pirate talk is funny and therefore Pi is hard town
I will not listen to any opposing argumentGrones,120,That post by that wretched mutineer Gikkle mayhaps be the fruit of his heavens-imposed speech impediment. He be playing the part of a confused, sun-dazed landlubber, away at sea, and far from his lass, for far too long. Aye, I remember when I was but a wee lad aboard the HMS Bictory, just a wee deck swabber I was, a cabin boy. Sick to the guts!Red_Pandas,121,gikkle instant scum for no pirate speakGrones,122,Me first mate rises!Red_Pandas,123,anyways, [VOTE] Rorschach [/VOTE]
I really can't shake off the feeling that they've somehow orchestrated this all
what exactly they may be planning is beyond me, but I know they're up too somethingMitochondria,124,nah, he wasn't doing the confused act for his first three posts of the gameHunterC98,125,how many times were you told to scrub the poopdeck?Red_Pandas,126,Aye, captain!Rorschach,127,Quite a few times unfortunately. On his first day he took the name a little too literally...Mitochondria,128,this is a dumb speculation read, but i think there will be scum among the people with post modifiers (and if one flips scum, the other(s) are prob town)Red_Pandas,129,TMI??
No post modifiers are in sight I think this is tmi!!Mitochondria,130,based, you got meHunterC98,131,post modifiers?Mitochondria,132,pi's pirate posting, skrim's schizophrenia posting, maybe gikkle's confused postingMitochondria,133,Post modifiers are basically just any parts of a person's role that require them to format all their posts in a certain way.HunterC98,134,ahhhh, gotcha...Gikkle,135,I think I'm more hungry than confused, to be quite honest.Grones,136,Mayhaps she be a truly disturbed lass, afflicted by rot of the brain, not a "post-modifier"Grones,137,Me life at sea as a young cabin boy was torturous! But now I be the most feared pirate and used car salesman in the seven seas!Mitochondria,138,You didn't seem very hungry in these posts


Is there any way anyone can give you food to help you out?TheHorla,139,Nosa reason, me just needed sometten to sayen in disa amusen translatorGikkle,140,I don't have a post modifier, I think. I'm actually not really sure yet. We'll have to wait and see.Mitochondria,141,okay fair

i'm so sorryGrones,142,Mito smells afoul to me, alike a gutted fish left out to rot in the Sun. Only good to throw overboard! Mito ne'er defends a soul 'cept when he be a foul mutineer! He be seekin to put the cap'n in his trouser pockets! Hardy yar yar!TheHorla,143,It's okeedayMitochondria,144,hey i can be selfless HunterC98,145,oh? Do you have early automobiles? im a big fan of the older models...Gikkle,146,Well... There is ONE way... But you might not like it... You see, it involves human flesh...Grones,147,[unvote] [/unvote] 
Yar Marky! Is this be the way to unvote, to appease the god of the seas, "vote count bot"?Grones,148,Aye we carry anything a landlubber would desire in their dark, nasty, landlubber heartMitochondria,149,How much human flesh?Grones,150,The only powerhouse on this ship will be used combustion engines! Yar har!TheHorla,151,YesaHunterC98,152,oh good..ill have to come and do some perusing for anything of interest...Grones,153,Methinks Hunter be loyal to the cap'n. He be returnin to the high seas after years of being away, surely he be wary and lurking beneath the depths, if he were a mutineer! Timid, scouting the waters! But he be in the fray, fighting with his cutlass like the best of us!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,154,I didn’t even consider Pi’s posting to be a restriction, I just thought he was like that this game.

I may be stupid, lol.

But anyway, I don’t think restrictions are AI at all, I can’t see mito’s argument tbh.Gikkle,155,Well... The exact amount remains to be seen.Gikkle,156,I thought we were just doing this for fun, to be honest.TheHorla,157,Me'm finden disa so fun dat me think me'm goen to keep it tup.Grones,158,It be no restriction! I be struck down by the heavens with this curse, but I will become more power than you could possibly imagine!






Yar har, I drifted to the wrong franchise, for a moment there lads. The sun and years at sea be taking a toll on this cap'n's mind.Grones,159,Away with ye, ShylockVizier,160,What if I need a new ship?Grones,161,Take yerself to the shipyards then, ye scurvy dog! This cap'n sells only used cars!HunterC98,162,i be a little rusty with my sword, more akin to my pistols and muskets..10000 Jelly Doughnuts,163,Did my car’s warranty expire yet?Grones,164,O not yet, no lass! But ye must be here for yer car's extended warranty! For a mere 9000 gold pieces, yer vehicle be warranted and safe to ride the streets of Port Royal for years (two years) to come! Ah! To the plank with years! Fork over yer firstborn and yer car be warranted for a decade!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,165,Sorry, my firstborn has a contractual obligation already.HunterC98,166,ooooh, is that the new payment method?Grones,167,Damn that thieving Rumplestiltskin! That scurvy dog! Freshwater kleptomaniac! Stealing me customers!Red_Pandas,168,technically my role pm never said what alignment I am so I may be scumSkrimiche,169,explain owoSkrimiche,170,sussy
[VOTE]Red_Pandas[/VOTE]Grones,171,
Scarrrrred arrrre ya?MrEevee7,172,Sadly no
I dont think any one of those is actually a post modifier tbh except maybe pi
When u claim neutral:
[vote] panda [/vote]MrEevee7,173,If you can prove you arent neutral evil you can stay alive for nowCjBeats,174,IM ALIVE.
IM KICKIN. 
I AM HERE.

I get to play with Mito uwu, how exciting. And my boy arra, who I shall defend with my life.


mfw10000 Jelly Doughnuts,175,That’s concerning10000 Jelly Doughnuts,176,Sadge, CJ forgets about me and Pi.CjBeats,177,Fear not my good jelly, I have not forgotten thee. I simply never play with the boy arra so it brings me much joy and excitement. OHO AND THE HUNT IS HERE TOO WHAT A GLORIOUS DAY. THIS GAME SHALL BE A SPLENDID GAME OF CAMARADERIE AND BETRAYAL.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,178,You mean trolling at an advanced level?CjBeats,179,I do not understand what you mean by that my good Jelly.Vizier,180,
Mh. No like.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,181,Oh. You will 

Gut, based on nothing, read: Gikkle town.Red_Pandas,182,yeah
well im obviously not neutral, because im mafia.
yeah maybeSkrimiche,183,i thought you said you didn't know your alignmentRed_Pandas,184,yeah but I got the mafia chat so im good nowSkrimiche,185,oh okay sweetSkrimiche,186,hey now wait just a diddily darn second here

did it not say your alignment in the title of your pm??Red_Pandas,187,I mean who knows, I COULD be a secret hidden neutral in the mafia chatRed_Pandas,188,why
why would it
be in the title?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,189,Pandas obvious jester?Vizier,190,Jesters win if they die by vote...Right?Red_Pandas,191,tbh I kind of think this is some sort of scum slip 
I dont know exactly how that would work but im sure thats not how the pms workRed_Pandas,192,I agree10000 Jelly Doughnuts,193,Yes. And Machine's a fan of the original jester that kills everyone else when they die.Red_Pandas,194,that sounds really exciting tbh I think you guys should vote me10000 Jelly Doughnuts,195,Nah, we'll NK you instead 

Someone's a vig, right?Skrimiche,196,@10000 Jelly Doughnuts is your alignment in the title of your pm/file?

sure it is!Azmimel,197,I don’t think we should lynch pandas today, but we should just shoot him. 10000 Jelly Doughnuts,198,It's just labeled 'Game C' and has the role contained within. 

Although I notice a lot of spelling and grammar errors within the file, so I think machine was in a rush or something. Dunno. What's it like for everyone else?Skrimiche,199,inb4 he made them all different so people couldn't cheese the gameSkrimiche,200,oh i see
i meant the name of your role pm file, not the hypixel pmAzmimel,201,are you that nervous about a joke post? don’t like that :3
That’s a good point.

Skrim/Gikkle/Mark/Pi

do any of you actually have a post modifier or are you just joking?Azmimel,202,we all made the pms so that would be NAI anyway

also don’t feel like we should be doing this to solve the game : (Red_Pandas,203,I haven't checked my file
ohh that makes much more senseMrEevee7,204,You know town isnt called mafia this game right?
Didnt machine say there are no jesters?Azmimel,205,maybe his post modifier is that he has to lie all the time? can’t see how this would be a good jester play. It’s way too obvious; I think something else has to be going on here.MrEevee7,206,You requested machine for a normal role pm tho so you dont have a file10000 Jelly Doughnuts,207,Lmao probably.
TBH, that's a pretty scummy thing to say. I've not seen town non-ironically say that.
Machine said that *anything* could be on the rolelist afaik. I could have misread the rules, but I think he said earlier that anything goes.Skrimiche,208,why would i be nervous because of you  

re: post modifier - joke

what do you suggest instead then
cause i dont have anything elseGrones,209,Aye me heartie! I be a cap'n and a used car salesman! Yarrrr!Skrimiche,210,why are we assuming people have post modifiers and using that to determine alignments/roles .-.Grones,211,Yarrr ye be a rude wench, ye be speakin to Mel10000 Jelly Doughnuts,212,Even if Pi has a post restriction, he's having too much fun and I love it. Lock town for wholesomeness.Azmimel,213,Idk, you’re the one who asked me to explain reads made during RVS. Why ask me to explain these reads and not the other one I made after it?? 
there were enough people acting like they had post modifiers that I thought it was a possibility.

remember pi’s worldeater role?Azmimel,214,heyyy do you have a post modifier or nah?Grones,215,It be a fool's errand to affix our spyglasses on th'heavens-cursed speeches. It be the gods playing a jest on ourrrrrr lives! Next scurvy rat to say a worrrrrd gets to be a man overrboarrrd!HunterC98,216,am i a joke to you?HunterC98,217,Redeemed. All is forgiven.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,218,Everytime I read your signature, I want a burger. Dang you.Grones,219,Avast me hearties! The signature be needin an update!Azmimel,220,do you like our pfp?? i picked it out please compliment me Azmimel,221,can’t dislike posts yet : (Skrimiche,222,for anyone else who was wondering if this was actually true or not:
///////
ily mel but my point still stands xoxo

duh, because i only care about things regarding me. uwu

i think the odds of another post modified worldeater are too low to give significant thought to atmAzmimel,223,love u too 
You ask why I thought post modifiers could be indicative of alignment/role and that was my first thought. my point is that if they are real we shouldn’t brush them to the side.Grones,224,th'signaturrrre be amended forrrr th'high seas!Skrimiche,225,ehh
i still dont think theyre important (or at least not something to be focusing on for today). only one person (grones) could be argued to have one. what does that tell you?Grones,226,It be tellin ye I be th'cap'n and ye best be harkening to 'im lest ye wish t'be a wench strrrranded on BarbadosCjBeats,227,uWu panda-kun open wolfing, what a glorious day! This game will be as easy as taking a baby away from their candy!

[vote]Panda[/vote]Scythe,228,ayieh10000 Jelly Doughnuts,229,Oh?
Yes, I do! I really could go for some pasta right now, not going to lie
CJ using uWu unirionically is scaryMrEevee7,230,pandas is definitely scum, but if they are a jester we should probably be careful about lynching them. 
[unvote] [/unvote]MrEevee7,231,it gets worse when you realize
a. they dont have a file
b. they said they already read their role and it didnt say their alignment.Skrimiche,232,coward! [vote]red_pandas[/vote]Grones,233,I be thinkin this speech talk be a waste of ourrrrr voyageGrones,234,Ye ruffians be speakin of a jester
10000 Jelly Doughnuts,235,
^
Specific beats general, and if someone had something in their PM saying they differed from the rules, that takes the reigns.CjBeats,236,Doth thou fellows really think the machine would throw a jester in this here game? Nay, panda-kun is quite simply a wolf who scumsclipped. Tis the only logical explanation for his actions, say I.Gikkle,237,I claim jesterGrones,238,Gikkle be a fine tarrrrget t'send overrrrboarrrd methinks10000 Jelly Doughnuts,239,why the hell are you doing weeb shakespeare speak?Grones,240,This be the second Shakespeare rrrrreference on this ship! A coincidence?Azmimel,241,It was the first thing I noticed when I read up this morning, so that's why I asked a question about it. Red pandas being jester feels a little too easy for me. Why was he being so obviously scummy?? That's why I suggested an alternate theory: a post modifier. But it's just that, a theory.


I don't know what it tells us because I don't know that much yet. I was just curious as to why some people were acting like they had one. Could be important in the future though.Azmimel,242,pandas rating one of my posts funny feels like a punch to the gut tbhGikkle,243,the alignment is in the title right
tbh I missed that completely and just thought "village #" was something to just describe me, not my alignment. My actual role pm doesn't have my alignment so I didn't know I was town until I asked for my win con an hour later lol.

So maybe pandas is telling the truth and since there is no title machine can change in the pms sent by panda he just had a role pm with no alignmentRed_Pandas,244,I may be dumb, but I'm not stupid
no I really haven't, machine told me my role in the pm
I think machine had given me a file already when I asked for a normal pm
yeah that's true
ew CJ saying uwu instant scum [VOTE] Cjbeats [/VOTE]
scum jest?
how does not having a file make it worse
and I got my alignment now im pretty sure it was just an error that I foundRed_Pandas,245,I reaaaaaally want to do funny talk somehow but I cant think of anythingHunterC98,246,hmmm....i say we give the man what he wants, what do you all say?
[vote] Gikkle [/vote]Red_Pandas,247,I find it really funny that I've managed to get myself almost consensus scum read by doing random RVS jokes

no, I am not going to stop.Azmimel,248,are you seriously going to write this off as RVS? fmlGikkle,249,consensus? By like 4 people?Gikkle,250,It's still RVS in my heartAzmimel,251,;-; I'm so confused right nowCjBeats,252,Who knows why any of us do anything in this accursed world?

let us look at thee panda-kun. An experienced member of this here mafia party. Are we to truly believe the man is a dumbfounded idiot? He is not! Panda-kun is an intellectual who scumslipped as his pms are different than our own! Tis the only logical explanation for senpai’s actions!Red_Pandas,253,yes, I will
tbh though the jokes did kinda suck
yeah pretty muchCjBeats,254,Let me enlighten thee. RVS means random voting sycle. You are welcome!Gikkle,255,Town members can't win after dying
Thus town and mafia will be equally scared of getting lynched
Anyone who acts like they are okay with being lynched is a liarCjBeats,256,Hunter me pal! What is thine experience with the game of mafia as we play now?Red_Pandas,257,Im pretty sure mine is the same as everyone else's but coolCjBeats,258,Did ye not ask the machine senpai for a role pm different then our own?


and yet, you my dear Gik claimed jester! Hmmmm suspicious!Red_Pandas,259,yeah I dont actually have a file
just checked
I had one for game A but then I moved to game C
so my alignment technically wasn't anywhere in my PM before machine added itAzmimel,260,I get what you're saying, but I also don't understand why he wouldn't have just questioned machine privately until he understood his role. Why does he benefit from announcing that he has no alignment in his role pm?? What does that do for him?? 


if it was a joke it was a terrible one. 


Oh, CJ, you are a saucy boy!Red_Pandas,261,yeah kind of?
it was just asking for my role in the pm instead of in the file
technicallyyyyy it wasn't a joke 
but I did announce it ironicallyCjBeats,262,Perhaps the machine senpai made an Oopsie woodsie? Could it be!? Is our senpai incompetent??CjBeats,263,There was once a saying back in the day of mine from whence I was born! Comedy is subjective! Terrible jokes are still jokes my dearest Azimel!Grones,264,This be a revealing day, we thrrrow Gikkle orr Skrrrim overboard! Hunterrr, Panda, and Cj arrrrre loyal to the cap'n, forrrr cerrtain!Red_Pandas,265,im afraid soCjBeats,266,And did the machine senpai give you your request in the different role pm?Grones,267,[vote] gikkle [/vote]CjBeats,268,Alas, perhaps we should lynch him instead! Oh what a great sacrifice we must make for our panda-Kun!!Grones,269,Cj ye best stop discussin rrrrrole PMs lest ye appearrr as a conspirator mutineerrrr t'me, thrrrowin the discussion overrrboardCjBeats,270,Enlighten me my dearest cap’n-kun, what is the problem with mistress Skrimiche on this day?Grones,271,[vote]cj[/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,272,I. I.

I'm intimidated. I won't lie.CjBeats,273,My curiosity shan’t be quenched, not even by my dearest cap’n-kun.Grones,274,She be talkin amiss, and I be seeing a vile connection betwixt herrr and th'GikkleRed_Pandas,275,can confirm
yeah I think machine Lynch would be a good idea
yesCjBeats,276,Oh to switch so fast in the heart of thee! What a glorious mind you possess!Azmimel,277,
hmmmm ok10000 Jelly Doughnuts,278,




Pi's reversal of his opinions is well within his normal town meta, I think. Therefore, I will say that Pi is a high TR of mine, and would rather not want him lynched.CjBeats,279,Then chalk it up to nothing more than a miscommunication! Non-alignment indicative say I!

[unvote][/unvote]
It is settled!


my dearest jelly! I am playing most seriously in my heart!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,280,This is 1000000000% cursed.Azmimel,281,I don't like how quickly you accepted that. Where did your certainty go?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,282,


HunterC98,283,uhhh....lets see..last time i played was...what? 5'ish years ago?HunterC98,284,appreciate the vote of confidence cap!Grones,285,Jelly be using jests t'avoid exposing herrrrself as a vile mutineer?Azmimel,286,this feels like the complete opposite of how she was last game, so I'm kinda ok with it,Grones,287,Arghhhhh10000 Jelly Doughnuts,288,Nah, I just wanted to make memes. That's all. I would say that I'd stop doing them, but that would be a lie, because they're funny. 

[Vote]Cj/Vote]

Something pings me about him, he feels wishywashy.

ANd yea, pi's that way too, but he's usually that way as town.Grones,289,Panda be town, no throwin o'erboard, cap'n's orderrs10000 Jelly Doughnuts,290,I disagree with him being town, but agree with not lynching. Hopefully we have a TK that can handle the jester.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,291,because I don't see scum pandas or town pandas being this way tbh.HunterC98,292,i feel too scrambled to make a fair assumption here.

cap'n seems busy being the spitting image of a proper town seafarer.

gikkle seems to be pure chaos.

cj seems awful authoritative, though that could be chalked up with trying to make up for missing some talk time.

jelly seems to be alright so far, a pinch quiet but i dunno how she plays to make a concern of that.

azmimel is either staying very quiet and stoking flames or just unavailable most often.Azmimel,293,Maybe if you explain the connection between Gikkle and Skrim I'd explain my read :3


He's either village idiot or neutral imoGrones,294,Let's brrring out the rum and play a game below decks! All ye scalleywag excuses for sailors, bellow out the scummiest, most treacherous words ye can


The cap'n'll begin

I be so disappointed I be a loyal one this voyage, I be hopin t'be a treacherous mutineer, but the gods declarrre me loyal to me post, th'CAP'NRed_Pandas,295,I feel like I probably would be dumb enough to make these jokes as bothAzmimel,296,the only reason why I could imagine anyone saying this is because they want to be lynched.Azmimel,297,trying to chat with my hydra partner :3MrEevee7,298,hes still lying about not checking the file, as he claims he doesnt have a file later on
so you knew your alignment, so why did you say you didnt?
scum != mafia, it just is evil roles. so jester would be scum as it makes town lose in the case that it is lynched
because you said you didnt read your file, but if you dont have it thats just an obvious lie that you didnt read it.HunterC98,299,aaah...yes that is a thing, my bad.Red_Pandas,300,eh
that doesn't mean I'm lying though, if I dont have a file then I didnt read it?
so it's still true
my alignment was never in the PM before I made the joke about it
after that machine added it
technically I didn't
I dont think jester is even in the game since everyones win-con is to stay alive and defeat the other faction iirc
but that means it's true??
also I did think I had a file
my memory is bad and its not something I thought was importantCjBeats,301,Twas explained away by the panda-kun! My certainty was replaced by uncertainty before being uprisen by a new kind of certainty!
Then ye are but a bab who I shall protect henceforth!


Is coming to an understanding wishy washy my dearest jelly? It is not!MrEevee7,302,no one says "i didnt read my book!!!" if they dont have a book. you were clearly trying to make an excuse for "not knowing your alignment"
ah yes, what a great reason to be town. "my memory is bad"

guys i claim scum!!!!
wait no my memory is bad im actually town!!!Grones,303,9 times out o'10, when ye landlubbers be assured and confident ye caught a scumslip rrrrelatin' t'role PMs, ye be sorrrely mistaken. This be a useless arrrrrgument made by lazy landlubberrrsRed_Pandas,304,as said previously, at the time I thought I had a file 
I never tried to make it an argument that I was was town but sure
I was literally just stating that I had mis-remembered it
also me claiming that I was mafia is the most obvious joke in history10000 Jelly Doughnuts,305,Rum? Rum?

Honestly: scum doesn't usually tend to say that they wished they rolled scum. It's a town move in my experience. Or at least I think so. Pi just keeps on being more townie somehow.
No one read the rules closely enough and it shows.
This is 100% cursed why am I in this game, I should suffer in the nexus instead why why why why whyRed_Pandas,306,im dumb be patient with meSkrimiche,307,pg 13 atm
[vote]CjBeats[/vote]HunterC98,308,okay, lemme be the first to come to the question, do we lynch off of all the nonsense in an attempt to knock out a bad guy or let time pass and use abilities to try and find stuff out?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,309,In most games, town tries to lynch everyday due to the information gained from the flip and the potential mafia member dead.

Here it may be less advisable because a lynch on someone is an automatic 'you lose' thing, so I feel like people are more hesitant this time.DAREALMoneyMan,310,I do not like that you are attempting to brush off his actions via of setup speculationGikkle,311,[VOTE]No-Lynch[/VOTE]
When's the last time we had a d1 no lynch? :3HunterC98,312,soooo keep yapping till someone slips?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,313,Based!
[Vote]No-Lynch[/Vote]
Yep, you got it. Eventually someone will vote dumb, pressures build and then scum slipping happens!CjBeats,314,Oh Gikkle-Chan, you wild man! Perhaps once I would’ve joined you on your quest to lynch not a soul, but alas, I have come to realize the benefit of lynching a person day 1. To not do so would be an inservice to the game!HunterC98,315,aye aye cap-errr...jelly.Vizier,316,You seem...Rather. 

Dead-set on lynching.CjBeats,317,And you aren’t my dearest Arra?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,318,I'm waiting for the time CJ says 'you saucy boy' unironically. 

I think I woke up in the twilight zoneSkrimiche,319,what if they just dont care about losing :3

im down
[vote]Skrimiche[/vote]

gikkle is quaking in his bootsVizier,320,Not particularly. I really wouldn't want more company.Grones,321,Arrrgh! Based! 
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Grones,322,Land ho!Grones,323,Argh! I meant @CjBeats10000 Jelly Doughnuts,324,CJ is a farming instrument?Grones,325,He'll be farmin votes 'ere the tide changes10000 Jelly Doughnuts,326,Also: weird thought: what if dead players were still in the game somehow.

Seems very weird that Machine would just ban dead chat and giving the rolelist.

Maybe there could be revivers. Idk, just seems odd to me.HunterC98,327,That could be interesting, but then the question is, what extent of knowledge would they come back with?Grones,328,The dead souls be sent away from Davy Jones locker because all 3 worlds be connected, methinks.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,329,The same bit of when they were dead, I think.
most assuredly there’s a connection.HunterC98,330,Which makes sense of the snippet of not revealing roles.HunterC98,331,guess playing it safe would be the smart thing to do..
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Grones,332,If ye were bettin yer life on it, which of these ruffians would ye wager is a mutineer?HunterC98,333,if i was to wager my doubloons against a soul, i would say one of the quieter ones...likely mito. just don't have enough to go off of to make a safe assumption.Grones,334,Aye! Mito be a treacherous cabin boy, but for other reasons.

Speakin of quiet ruffians, lurkin under the sea,
@DAREALMoneyManHunterC98,335,i wanted to ask about him but wasnt sure if i just didnt know his name he used.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,336,Explain?TheHorla,337,I don't 100% understand the pandas situation, but I learned the hard way last game that most of the time, "scumslips" related to PMs and formatting are usually just people getting confused.

Let me see if I read this right:
- pandas got his role in a PM, not a file
- the text of the PMs doesn't contain a wincon
- since you can't edit the title of a PM, machine forgot to tell pandas his alignment
- pandas noticed this, made a joke out of it
- people didn't realize that pandas wouldn't have known his alignment from his file title, since he got his role as a PM
Explaining away behaviour as a post modifier is bad logic and scummy. If we want to argue that player such and such is "obviously scummy" because of a "post modifier", we might as well hang up our towels and go home here.
Eevee is way too confident here for my liking.
Disappointed in gikkle for speaking sense here and not using this prime reaction fish opportunity.Azmimel,338,yea, but I also don't like the fact that he's trying to write it off as an RVS joke. I wouldn't lynch him either way, but I certainly don't think he's towny.
Not attempting to brush his actions off. I'm trying to figure out on earth he would inform us (apparently as a joke) that he had no alignment in his role pm. It was just a theory . I personally don't see scum or town doing that in any situation.Azmimel,339,I think they are, specifically because of this quote from the rules for game C
Grones,340,Mito be a snake charmer, a silverrrr-tongued succubus


Across the 7 seas, I've always known this landlubber to be a rotten soul from the malbolge. He be a seducer, a liar, a flatterer, a two faced duplicitous freshwater politician!

His treacherous mutiny sails on
He be a sower of deceit, he sets our ship along the wrong course, subtly like the Majesty's snake charmer he be.Grones,341,What be the cabin boy's agenda?Skrimiche,342,[VOTE]MrEevee7[/VOTE]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,343,Mmm, I disagree, but there's probably no reason to be setup speculating
Okay other than being a dnd monster, what did Mito do?
Why?HunterC98,344,i shall kick back and watch this show unfold til i have anything interesting or thoughtful to add.Azmimel,345,oh sorry i should've been more specific on which part. I think dead players will still have an impact on the game. I have no clue about revivers.TheHorla,346,Am... I the cabin boy? Or eevee?Azmimel,347,this is the second time you've voted a person pi has put under some sort of pressure with no explanation.Grones,348,Review th'rest o'me post, illiterate wenchTheHorla,349,Where did pi pressure eevee?Grones,350,Eevee, that dogMitochondria,351,I agree with Mark's take on the Panda situation. Don't fully understand what their confusion was and honestly don't care enough about this discussion line to spend the brainpower figuring it out, but odds are more likely they got confused and communicated their confusion poorly rather than them being scum that we caught right away.

I'm also mindmelding with Mark on his Eevee take (shows up, tunnels Panda, then dips; I especially didn't like the post he made asking Panda to "prove he's not neutral evil," it's a weirdly specific thing to ask for), but I'm super uncomfy with Skrim's naked vote on him and the underlying feeling that thread consensus is quickly shifting against Eevee. Quick shifts in thread consensus generally indicate that the target's town.

I'm not sure if I dislike this post because a) I'm annoyed that we're already starting our discussion about how Mito not living in the thread = scum (in which case this post is NAI and I'm just being emotional) or b) it's scummy that I get specifically called out despite the majority of the game having done nothing thus far.

Pi's read on me is bad and he should feel bad, but I like his play so far.

Pi and Mark feel town, sans the post I called out above I've been liking Hunter, Skrim's kinda weirding me out so light scumread, I guess scumread on Eevee too but I don't think Skrim/Eevee is a scum pair.Grones,352,And where be th'first time?TheHorla,353,@Azmimel are either of you ABBA fans? (Based on your signature, just wondering)10000 Jelly Doughnuts,354,ah okay yea.
I did, you threw out spicy insults and then refused to elaborate more lolGrones,355,I'll hang ye from th'highest mast with yer own innardsMitochondria,356,I'll sink ye ship before I hangAzmimel,357,oops I mixed up you and grones. But the point should still stand. She's voted people that others have put under pressure with no explanation. 
Don't know about azmine, but I sure am.Grones,358,He be seekin a pocketed sailor, and he be veering us off course, distracting us like a Siren's cry!TheHorla,359,An hour ago I impulsively scumread him for it, but:
- good chance eevee is confused as well
- scumhunting is good, considering that it'd be easy for scum to sit back and chill right now
- I agree with mito that a shifting consensus that eevee is scum is in general indicative that eevee is town (particularly considering that he's often considered an easy lynch)Grones,360,


HunterC98,361,fair, i may not have said it well, the second half of the message was supposed to be me saying i am not fully capable to make a firm guess because i don't have anything to compare it against.CjBeats,362,You are doing amazing my dearest sweet huntie-Chan.

Let us move forward on our conversation from the mister panda-kun! It shan’t get us anywhere doddling on about it! When does this here fine day end?Grones,363,@CjBeatsHunterC98,364,Day 1 ends tomorrow at....7:45 PM i believe?Mitochondria,365,If Pi or Hunter flips scum, I think it's decently likely the other flips scum as well. They've been pretty buddy-buddy all game (meta is fairly useless, but as a point of comparison from playing scum with Pi before, I remember he's not big on bussing teammates) and I'm still weirded out by Hunter shading me without committing to a Mito scumread stance and then backpedalling a bit when I responded (builds support for Pi's read without him really sticking his neck out there).

@CjBeats-kun uwu, what do you think of things so far?CjBeats,366,Such a long day, oh me oh my! Thank you dearest cap’n-Chan. I shall love you long time.Grones,367,One of these cabin boys will walk the plank, ere the day is done! E'eryone else aboard this ship be safe!Grones,368,Yer a bold oneMitochondria,369,Being controversial is fun Grones,370,LiberrrrralsCjBeats,371,I think things are just downright fascinating in this here game! A glorious tale of whodunnit taking place upon our doorstep!
I know not the reasoning on why people are scumming the Eevee-weevee, so I could use an explanation, but beyond that there confusion I do so believe the cap’n-Chan is a good lad. Huntie-wuntie-kun is newish, so I shall protect him for now. I do so believe that talking about panda-kun as we have done so much is becoming nothing more than a waste of time. That moment has passed. I would like to hear more from my dearest arra! A delightful, beautiful, man!Grones,372,Aye?Mitochondria,373,Very wholesome post but oh so very safe! Gimme something spicy, what's your hottest take about the game right now?CjBeats,374,My dearest jelly is a sneaky, sniveling, conniving devil bent on seeing this dearest world of ours burn to the ground upon which we stand!Mitochondria,375,Now we're cooking, how come?HunterC98,376,i was asked who i thought could be scummy and answered off of what i had...which still aint much...Mitochondria,377,That's fair - and to be clear, I've generally liked your posts thus far - but the point still stands. Wishywashy reads are never a good look because they're commonly used by scum to set up mislynches and erode the town's trust in other townies without the scum player needing to commit to the read or lead the lynch (both of which look bad when the target flips town).10000 Jelly Doughnuts,378,[JOKEVOTE]JELLY[JOKEVOTE]

oh god, everyone's doing weeb shakespeare and pirate speak. Get me outta here


---
I can see a wolf eevee, but I'm hesistant because he's LHF and I feel like I could be misdirected.

It's very weird cash hasn't spoken at all, but I don't think that's AI.

CJ feels... off for some reason, maybe the restriction is throwing me off, but it feels like some serious misdirection in his posts.CjBeats,379,Despite being how one may say active, she is too concerned with how people say things instead of they say! No notable contributions have come forth from her blessed heart, and I find that odd for someone of her stature and expertise!CjBeats,380,Right as I say such words she comes with the spice, oh my! Misdirection in what way my dear friend?HunterC98,381,alrighty, ill be sure to keep that in mind.Grones,382,Indra moment 


(Argh)Grones,383,Cj vs Jelly be a fool's errand, akin t'searching for the fountain o'youthCjBeats,384,Then consider me a fool, cause this one errand that I just must run! My curious heart shan’t be quenched until I do!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,385,Let me go through your posts real quick and find what sort of bothered me. It's very possible it's not your fault and I'm in shock from the PR.CjBeats,386,I shall await patiently with pounding enthusiasm for your return!MrEevee7,387,idk about anyone else but it says right in my file what my alignment is, not just the title of it. so machine shouldve still told him his alignment regardless of whether or not it was in a normal pm. i assumed this meant he was neutral as normally neutral just comes with the roll and no statement of alignment
and then he started talking about his file, which seemed scummy to me as he shouldnt have one based on his request, and he also said he didnt read his file, which would be a pointless post to make if he had read his pm where his role should have been, so id assumed it was again, a lie.Azmimel,388,First post I could find related to his interactions with Pandas.





Eevee remembered that Pandas asked for his role in a PM instead of a file, and then fixates on Pandas saying he did not open his file where his role was because that shouldn't have been a possibility for Pandas. 

I feel like it's way too easy to scum read Eevee based on just his interactions with Pandas (which are the only significant ones he's had), especially since Pandas was creating confusion, which is not a townie thing to do.

Right now it's low-hanging fruit, and I'd like to see more from Eevee before I actually consider him to be a lynch target.

@MrEevee7 whatcha feeling right now?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,389,The hard part is that I do have issues with telling jokes and such over text. The post modifier is making it really difficult to tell if you're sincere or just playing it up. I try to keep it in mind, but you do seem to be trying to pocket people.
And then you make the argument that there was a scum slip despite not knowing anything about the format of the roles, especially because I can't really find an example PM anywhere that would justify the reason. Pandas was weird, but this is a confusing game.

Although saying you've never read your PM (pandas) is scummy, so that's agreeable
With Hunter
Hunter again, and then you were enlightened, but it reads to me like you thought this was a dead end thing.
Pi.

And well, you seem to have an odd relationship with Mito too, the 'spiciest takes' feels very forced to me.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,390,Spicy take: Neither Eevee nor Pandas should be in the lynch pool today.Azmimel,391,I'm okay with a no-lynch, but I want Skrim to explain why she voted CJ and Eevee.Grones,392,


Red_Pandas,393,setup spec good, this argument is not valid
that's pretty much right
I can get thinking pi has one but me being a bit confusing definitely =/= post mod
if anything its very normal for me to be confusing10000 Jelly Doughnuts,394,You know, when it feels like everyone's trying to pocket you, no one is. But there are like three people who did click agree on a lot of my posts recently.

EDIT: removed 'let me check' idk why I put that there.Azmimel,395,yeah, I got a little overeager thinking about post modifiers. 
I thought you didn't like CJ? Where are you on that?TheHorla,396,Why are you bringing up a no lynch so early?Azmimel,397,because three people have voted for a no-lynch so farAzmimel,398,just checked vote count, it's actually fourTheHorla,399,It just feels super weird to preface that question with that statementAzmimel,400,I mean if skrim doesn't explain her votes well then I won't be ok with a no-lynch.Vizier,401,
I swear I heard someone roll in their grave with that joke. Absolutely sickening.HunterC98,402,Sorry, that was me.Grones,403,
Grones,404,@TheHorla a used car for your thoughts?CjBeats,405,Me and mito-Chan’s relationship is one of resounding love, but that does not mean I would like to pocket. Alas, I know not the heart of Mito-Chan, so I cannot say anything about him! As for the other laddies you mentioned, I simple wish to protect huntie-wuntie on this first day as he has not played in many a moon. And is it wrong to love my cap’n-Chan for telling me when day ends? I think not! But that is the only reason I said such things, so i find it a stretch if you think that’s me trying to pocket the dear lad.

And one does know the format of a role pm, or at the very least one should! After all, we all received one from the machine senpai!TheHorla,406,Null on everyone except gikkle (light town for speaking up for panda) and lean scum on skrimiche for voting eevee.HunterC98,407,to be fair, a lot of what eevee has to say is either voting or straight calling folks out, not that i agree against him but it is something to keep aware of.Skrimiche,408,
i have my reasons, and if i dont make them public then that is also for a reason. :s

i dont think he is?

gimme a bit

scary ;-;Grones,409,Eevee be a mighty sailor, no LHF 
He be no mutineer, ne'erthelessGrones,410,Who ye be wagering be the mutineer, then?DAREALMoneyMan,411,Alas I am binging Ted lasso, I will probably be done with the season by the end of the day so I’ll do things then (TM)Skrimiche,412,also i voted cj because he had stinky energy but i dont feel like pushing him rnRed_Pandas,413,relatableAzmimel,414,Other head popping in! It's cause (you're his scum buddy) : )Skrimiche,415,prove it busterTheHorla,416,Maybe skrim and azmimel?TheHorla,417,To expand on this a bit: azmimel made some really poor attacks on panda (the whole pm speculation bit was bad, thinking that he had a post modifier that made him always lie was scummy, reading him as jester was scummy, not considering that he may have been a bit confused (and that he was telling the truth that he didn't know his alignment at the beginning) was scummy.)

Skrim naked voted eevee after I attacked them is scum-indicative, and mel immediately criticizing them (and afterwards weakly pressuring skrim) feels a bit more like scum distancing than actual scumhunting.Azmimel,418,Pandas came out and said that he did not have an alignment in his role pm, and then later claimed mafia. He did not claim that he was joking until later. That was confusing to me. I saw absolutely no reasoning for town or scum to have made that move, so I assumed he was a neutral who wanted to die. I don’t think that’s scummy.

I never speculated above role pms. In fact, I was very against it. I did speculate a bit about post modifiers, and yeah, I’ll admit I fixated on it a bit too much, but I was trying to figure out why on earth he would’ve decided to share all of this information with us instead of dming machine and figuring it out, which is what I would’ve done, and post modifiers were on my mind because of the earlier discussion. Was it a poor decision to setup speculate so early on? Probably. Is it alignment indicative? Probably not.

I don’t know why you think my argument against skrim has been weak. I haven’t voted her, that’s true, but I didn’t want to vote anyone until I discussed it with my partner.

this is the only post I made about role pms.MrEevee7,419,Idk tbh but i feel like some of the ppl on my wagon are scummy
Why? That's just straight up an anti town line of thought.Skrimiche,420,anti town? like an anti hero? sickSkrimiche,421,+ no it isnt

machine if by some miracle youre reading this i hate you for the no edit ruleRed_Pandas,422,I can see that, kind ofRed_Pandas,423,its been in mafia games like foreverSkrimiche,424,

Spoiler: cj stink pg 13









Skrimiche,425,yeah but normally i can edit in my afterthoughts when i post
now i have to double post and it's annoying for people trying to catch up TheHorla,426,There's a whole bunch to unpack here:
- if someone claims mafia, it's obviously a joke
- jokes are a thing, and don't necessarily imply that someone wants to die.
- I think it's scummy to read into his behaviour this much
- Making assumptions about the veracity of panda's claim that machine forgot to state his alignment is inherently PM speculation
- Re: why panda shared the info: when I read his posts, I found it funny that machine forgot to give him his alignment; that you didn't consider (or pretended to not consider) that he shared it because mod errors are funny is scummy.
- I didn't say that the post modifier speculation was scummy because it's setup speculation (but good point there, I guess that's one more reason to scumread you!). Your comment was scummy because trying to explain player behaviour by post-speculation ("they are lying/acting off because of mod instructions") is not a townie line of reasoning.
- Your argument against skrim is so far weak because I find it unpursuasive.Rorschach,427,*unpersuasiveGrones,428,Jokes aint always jokes arghhhSkrimiche,429,FIGHT ME YOU COWARDRorschach,430,Sure.
Skrim has been modkilled.

I win.

Skrim has been reinstated into the game.MrEevee7,431,How is it notTheHorla,432,What are you saying here?Azmimel,433,





1) From my point of view, we were out of RVS/the banter stage. Pandas said he thought it would be exciting if people voted him. That implies he wants to die.
2) He didn’t clear up that it was a joke until 30-45 minutes after, and during that time he was a major topic of discussion. The majority of players on at the time believed him to be a jester. He didn’t clear it up immediately even though he was online, which I found weird.
3) You’re telling me it’s suspicious to analyze a player I found scummy at the time? 


My argument was not about PM speculation because I was questioning why he shared the information with us. I was confused because I would’ve asked machine instead of sharing it with the rest of the players in the game. Because of this, I thought it might be a ploy to make himself seem suspicious and therefore get voted.





Proof that I never once speculated about what was actually in his PM, just that I wondered why he actually did it.


Once again, I didn’t understand why Pandas was sharing the information with us. So I tried to figure out why. Two things came into my mind. Jester, which was a common answer among the online players, and a post modifier. I thought of a post modifier because of what I’d been thinking about before with you, grones, skrim, and Gikkle.


My argument against Skrim is her votes with absolutely nothing to back them up. I made that point before you did, you just dedicated an entire post to it. Do you not find your own argument persuasive enough?Skrimiche,434,im sure youve had times where you didnt want to spell things out for a greater purposeGrones,435,Nothin 
Yar har harGrones,436,[vote] cash [/vote]Gikkle,437,I'm 2% closer to ending the world
better kill me before thenTheHorla,438,Not yet, actually! It's pretty weak right now. My argument is that you're making the same (weak) argument as I am, but to distance yourself from her.
*shrugs* Regardless of how you define the end of RVS, I did not take their posts seriously. I think you are taking some posts that were not meant to be taken seriously far too seriously, and tied yourself up in knots trying to explain them via post modifiers.
I think the majority of players that were on at the time were wrong about that. 
Yes, depending on what you're analyzing? See the comment above about taking things seriously.
Just trying to understand something here. Did you think he was telling the truth that machine forgot to give his alignment, or not?
I understand that! The facts here are clear. But I think your conclusion was wrong, and I find it suspicious that you came to the conclusion that it was a post modifier.MrEevee7,439,sure, but seeing as it is impossible to have mech info atm, i dont see how it could be that.
and not explaining reads, unless youre just being lazy, doesnt help town at all and makes you look like you dont have any actual reasons for them10000 Jelly Doughnuts,440,Except speculating on pms is useless especially for Req because he does make changes and edits to the template all the time.

Heck, he didn't even put a period in my pm, is that scum indicative?

Also Skrim, give your reasons, let's not play this gameSkrimiche,441,booooo

touché

Cj - I quoted the posts that pinged me earlier while I was reading up. I didn't feel like pushing him (I confess to being lazy!), and I switched off to Eevee soon after because that's a vote I have reasons for doing aside from gut.

Eevee - First, I thought Pandas scumslipped about his alignment not being in his pm. This was because i asked Machine earlier if the "village" in the title of my google doc was my alignment (because it wasnt in the contents of the doc), and he confirmed it. But then I thought about it some more, and realized it was more likely that it was just a goof & not an actual scumslip. Eevee pointing out the contradiction with Panda's PM (being on the hypixel forums and not a google doc) seemed townie to me, but his subsequent hounding of Panda afterwards didn't. You can argue that the attempt at gamesolving is townie, but to me, it looked more like scum going after low-hanging fruit.

anyways im dipping to pet some cats and my dog grandson, ciao o/Skrimiche,442,also the reason why i didnt elaborate on the eevee vote was because i wanted to see how he'd react to it & whether or not he'd continue to push pandasAzmimel,443,Are you trying to trick me into actual pm speculating? Either way, it doesn't change my argument. I found him suspicious because he volunteered the information, not because he claimed machine forgot to give him his alignment.

Oh, so you're not as confident as you seem. 
you're right, it probably wasn't meant to be taken seriously. However, that's how I took it at the time, and since I want to defend myself I am attempting to explain my thought process. 
My conclusion wasn’t that he had a post modifier, my conclusion was that something else was going on here. Post modifier was just an example of something else that could’ve been going on. 
HunterC98,444,where was this mindset back when i horsed around with bold talk and ended up getting myself lynched on just talking around?Grones,445,We be halfway to nightfall, best we line up some choice ruffians to walk the plank! 

I wanna see 
Mito
SkrimGrones,446,Gikkle 


Send them all to the plank!Vizier,447,What flavor stinky? Skunk, onion, rotten food?CjBeats,448,
What happened to me oh cap’n my cap’n? doth thou not know your own heart? What a spicy lad you are oh cap’n-Chan to change up so quickly! 

Mistress Skrimiche-kun, I saw thine post about my stinkiness, but alas I do not understand what pinged you about those? Will you enlighten my darling heart?

And to my dearest jelly, I have seen your point! Oh what a wonderful mind you possess!CjBeats,449,MY LOVELY ARRA OH TO SEE THINE FACE FILLS MY HEART WITH SUCH JOY!!

Tell me, my dearest Arra, doth thou have any thoughts?Scythe,450,"Shall I compare thee to a summer day?"
"You're both hot."Vizier,451,
Nothing really rattles around in this dead head of mine, but I figure I can dig something up to support an idea I have.CjBeats,452,Oh superb! I shall await your return with bated breath!Vizier,453,There's. Not a cupid/lovers role in this setup. Right?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,454,Days I wish I had a vig shotVizier,455,



Edit: Posted meme twice.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,456,You are exceptionally wishy-washy.

[Vote]CJ[/Vote]CjBeats,457,You no longer need one, for this comment is already a knife to the heart! Oh what a cruel, black, wicked, twisted, nasty heart you must possess to say such rudeness to one such as me!CjBeats,458,A man merely knows when to change his mind when faced with arguments that make sense! My mind is not fixed, it is open to one’s voices!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,459,Mmmmmhmmm
You're really wishy washy, not changing your mind with good arguments. It's more that anytime anyone puts any push back on your opinions, you drop back. You've done it like 4 times.Vizier,460,

TheHorla,461,I explicitly stated earlier that my scumread of skrim was pretty weak, so my "confidence" is really just a strawman.
No, you're getting paranoid. You assumed that pandas posting "I don't have an alignment" makes him scummy or a jester - what logically follows is that you assumed he was lying about not having an alignment. If you thought he was telling the truth, his statement is obviously NAI, since he made it before he had an alignment!TheHorla,462,There is literally figuratively nothing to use to form a mito read right now.TheHorla,463,Final thought: Grones is funny as heck, but most of his posts substantively add up to "I want to lynch mito and skrim" or "Thoughts?"Grones,464,A used car for your thots?Grones,465,Lies and deception, mutiny! He be a conspirator, I quoted the ruffian.Mitochondria,466,Pi, do you have an argument against me which doesn’t boil down to “oh he TRs me which means he’s scum trying to pocket me”? I’d hope yes if I’m one of your top lynch targets today Red_Pandas,467,I ran out of reactions, expect no communication from me for exactly 24 hoursMitochondria,468,Maybe this post? Idk, I guess I’m biased but I genuinely fail to see how any of this is scummy. First quote was RVS, second was genuine curiosity and trying to spark discussion, third was my read at the time and an attempt to get some non-RVS discussion going. Fourth is setup spec and thus bad, but ehRed_Pandas,469,the rule hasn't changed at all
probably..
we don't know for sureRed_Pandas,470,yeah tbh no ai in thereGrones,471,Yarrr! I be quoting yer crimes! Ye set us off-course with yer insinuation that post mods be alignment indicative/one o'them be scum! Subtle, but powerful derailing! Typical mutineering!MrEevee7,472,Why mito?
This does seem like a bit of an overreaction thoughRed_Pandas,473,trying to find out why you're scum read is not overreactingGrones,474,Arghh! I be explainin meself o'er and o'er!Grones,475,Jelly be sailing under our radar, methinks.Grones,476,[vote] Gikkle [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,477,
"Slipping under radar"
votes gikkle.

also smh at not reading any of my arguments with CJRed_Pandas,478,I really don't get the thread title tbhGrones,479,With respect, ye olde cap'n closes his eyes and scrolls past e'ery word Cj posts10000 Jelly Doughnuts,480,Oh okay, understandable why you missed it and scum read me. Have a nice day.Grones,481,SR ye? Ne'er said that! Don't ye be puttin words in me mouth like some kind o' freshwater tv show hostMrEevee7,482,No, it's not. But he could have awaited groness response instead of writing an essay. I just found it a bit odd is all.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,483,But you do so...Grones,484,Should I? 


Arghhh!Grones,485,But that were me reasoning! He be askin for me reasoning, and found it! This be a weird position to take, Eevee. I'll have ye swabbing decks for a week for this!Skrimiche,486,good news: the cats like me
bad news: im allergic to catsSkrimiche,487,onions are divine you take that back

sure, gimme a min

ahaha yeah ive never done that as town myself ahahaha
ahaha
aha10000 Jelly Doughnuts,488,Yes. Go on!MrEevee7,489,Well since he clearly wasn't satisfied with the reasoning id expect him to not say anything about it then attack you if thats all you said it was in case there were more reasoningGrones,490,So ye admit to being a scalleywag?!Grones,491,Why would he say nothing? Is he a mute? A dumb landlubber? No, he be a tricksy siren, speech be his gift.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,492,Yes

(I shouldn't have to do the joke here but I will)MrEevee7,493,So that he makes sure he doesn't attack you needlessly..? It's what i would do at leastGrones,494,Why would he be wary o'attacking me "needlessly"? He be scared o' me?Grones,495,This be no laughing matter!Skrimiche,496,On second thought, I agree with Cj on this? Whoops. Not sure why I thought it felt wrong. Might've been the "subjective" bit triggering a primal response in me.

The only thing he questioned from that list (Azmimel scumreading me/Gikkle + townreading Hunter/Panda/Cj) was the scumread on me, which is strange. I'm not sure why he would pick to exclusively focus on me there.

(Context: Grones offers me & Gikkle as lynch candidates, then votes Gikkle, then 2 posts after voting Gikkle tells Cj to stop discussing role PMs because it's derailing the thread*, then 2 posts after that votes Cj.
*@Grones did I get that right? Just wanna make sure I'm understanding the pirate lingo. :3)

I was going to say: "Cj shouldn't be calling out others for being wishy-washy when he's been doing it himself", but when I looked back at the actual posts I had in mind from him, I actually think the progression might be natural? He basically went through the same "Panda scumslipped" --> "Panda/Machine just goofed up" thought process as me, although he stayed at Stage #1 of that longer than I did.


Spoiler: Cj posts












@Gikkle what do you make of this^? My confidence is shattered and my night is ruined. :<Skrimiche,497,@ the cj debacle: im gonna sleep on it
and by sleep on it i mean im gonna forget about it until i remember that im playing in this game tomorrow and check the thread
o/Grones,498,Man, I have no idea, I, myself, lose half the meaning while typing up these posts

ARrghh I mean, ye be right on the trrrrreasure lass!HunterC98,499,isee that we have made a lovely circle of conversation....right where we started 'n such...10000 Jelly Doughnuts,500,You missed how he said I was scummy and then I gave a single response and he decided that was okay.

Hmmm. I don’t have an opinion on mark right now and that concerns me.Red_Pandas,501,very relatableTheHorla,502,I don't actually believe this, fyiTheHorla,503,Day 1 Votecount:
(2) nolynch: Gikkle, HunterC98
(2) cjbeats: 10000 Jelly Doughnuts, Red_Pandas
(2) gikkle: Azmimel, Grones
(1) mreevee7: Skrimiche
(1) chucklenuts: DAREALMoneyMan
(1) mitochondria: Mitochondria
(1) thehorla: Vizier
(3) Not voting: TheHorla, MrEevee7, CjBeats

You can view this votecount and all previous votecounts in the #votecounts channel in Discord.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,504,You can not believe it. I am saying this because as of this moment, it's true.

I'll go through your posts and see what I think after that.MrEevee7,505,[vote] gikkle [/vote]
@GikkleGrones,506,Argh! Well I don't be believing yer disbelief!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,507,

Spoiler: Mark's posts






PREGAME ^
---






























I think these are all of mark's post, did it by hand though so possible I missed one. Going to do a little step by step and assign arbitrary points to each post. These points add up to a fake final score that is entirely real and will determine my read.

Which will come in the next post so I can actually click on the quotes and read them as I'm drafting my response.
---

EDIT: hopefully fixed spoilers
EDIT 2: hopefully fixed spoilers?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,508,The first quarter of the day was rather weak until Mark enters in with his Pandas post, providing evidence to a joke gone awry. Nothing about the post is outstanding towny or scummy wise, although at the time it may have looked as a controversial opinion because of how everyone seemed to be whipped up into a frenzy about Pandas 'scum slip'
+1 Town Points

Asks about Pi pressuring eevee, which is incredibly NAI.

Goes back on his eevee read and admits it's impulsive, agreeing with mito. This I think marks the real end of the Eevee Pandas debate, although people would later also enforce their opinions on it.+1 Town points for admitting fault.

Dislikes a no-lynch, especially honing in on Azimel when at the time there were 4 people actually on the no-lynch train, asking none of them! I'm hesitant to call it tunneling, because it's not quite as aggressive as that, but in a couple posts down still thinks scum team could consist of Azimel, focusing on several things like Azimel considering Pandas to be jester. However, in the thread there were a fair amount of people considering jester as an option, why did Mark latch onto Azimel's posts about that and call it scummy? I feel as if there is some minor tunneling or busing here. +1 Scum points.

(Although looking at skrim's posts, they are rather weak in general, not providing reasoning until after someone calls her out on it bugs me as disinterested at the least and scummy at the most. Either way, NOT GOOD)

Mark continues to attack Azimel for things that other people did as well. +1 scum points. (Half the game was PM/setup speculating. Off the top of my head, Skrim and I did.)

Azimel sets up strawman; the argument continues. I'm now more leaning towards T/S or even T/T. I doubt S/S would use such terrible pushes to bus, and both Azimel and Mark would be fairly coordinated and careful on a bus if this were the case.

Final post is IIoA, heistant to assign scum or town intent to it, but I would argue that seems fairly out of character for him.

Final Score: 2 town points, 2 scum. An Azimel flip would be extremely helpful for resolving Mark; I think. If Az flips scum, Mark's a god-tier townie, because I don't see bussing in this scenario. If Az flips town, I'd hit mark with an investigative or a lynch.

Anyway, my thoughts on Mark. Minor ones on other people that have slipped under my radar.

---
Vizier (Arra): The vibes he gives off seem like someone rusty at mafia, not new. He has played in a couple minis here, but not ones that would justify his knowledge and apparent paranoia about lovers/cupid. I am extremely hesitant to say 'coaching' because that A: make me look like a jerk, and B: has bitten me on the butt of course. It's possible he researched and gained knowledge, and I think that my initial paranoia of 'COACHING?!!?!1!' is unfounded. Slight TR.

Hunter: TR. I have no idea how much Hunter has played before, but I'll assume he's new. He seems townie overwhelmed with learning the game. I think scum would provide more guidance in scum chat if he had rolled wolf. Of course, if Hunter does flip wolf, I think we can assume that wolves are inactive. 

Pi: Pi's town. I just feel it. Gut reasoning is of course bad, but he's acting like he does as town. 

Eevee: I think Eevee is a slight town lean for me, his confusion earlier with Pandas feels genuine. Also I don't think scum eevee naked votes like town does.HunterC98,509,If its anything worth mentioning, I was also aware of a Lovers style of role by Youtube....so that is a full possibilities.Gikkle,510,I'm not sure why you're tagging me specifically when I haven't really interacted with Cj but whatever

Also not sure if you are asking what I think of what you're saying about him or Cj in general

Your analysis is weird
One of your posts is like, why not just ask him why he picked the SR on you out of the others to question. Why make this statement without first asking Cj? Unless you did and I missed it...

I'm not too sure what the point of this analysis is if your conclusion is just "he might be town". Did you have some kind of big SR on him or something and this was supposed to be what made you turn around on that? I don't quite understand why you'd do an analysis on someone and just come up with "his progression MIGHT be natural", unless you strongly SRed them, but I don't see a reason why you would this early. 

Is this supposed to be some kind of test? I genuinely don't understand why you would make this post and not come up with a better conclusion than this.

My opinion on Cj? Idk, I haven't bothered trying to read him. Only people I've formed reads on are Mark(TR), Mito(LTR), Pandas(TR), and Eevee(LSR). Maybe someone else I've forgotten about, idk.Gikkle,511,How come you can't delete post drafts anymore :/Skrimiche,512,i did? p sure i only did it for like 2 posts before realizing it was a dead end

what other info would an azmimel flip give?

because i love you

i
...
hey @CjBeats why did you pick out the SR on me out of the others to question

i thought i had a (lightish?) scumread on him but then i lost confidence in it when i went to look at the posts that pinged me

gosh gikkle dont make me spell it out
it's 'cause im baaad ( ༎ຶ ۝ ༎ຶ )Red_Pandas,513,feeling good, might make 1 singular readGikkle,514,w.shoot Skrimiche
Mmm
Alright
What's your current read on Cj now then? Null? Light TR?
Sorry Red_Pandas,515,what do this meanGikkle,516,Information instead of analysisRed_Pandas,517,well I managed to read an entire ISO without forming any opinions at all
10000 Jelly Doughnuts,518,Information on Pandas. If Azimel flips scum, I'd say its safe to assume Pandas isn't scum.
That happens sometimes :/Skrimiche,519,if 1 is town and 10 is scum, then he's at about a 6Grones,520,Who ye ruffians be lynching?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,521,I'd be fine with a CJ or Azimel lynch for reasons stated somewhere in the thread.

Or you for the memes.HunterC98,522,about 6 hours till the notalynch happens, if someone is intent on going in the gallows, time is a running out..Gikkle,523,I think I'm top wagon rn
idek whyTheHorla,524,Why does gikkle have votes lolHunterC98,525,Oh? Welp, guess the gallows will be claiming a soul.....less folks wise up.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,526,Agreed, looks like some of them are for no reason lolRed_Pandas,527,[unvote][/unvote]TheHorla,528,Really don't understand the case against gikkle (literally none of his posts have registered with me.) Reading back, but until then [vote]No lynch[/vote]HunterC98,529,all i have on Gikkle so far is some very brazen remarks that honestly read as trying to bluff about an assigned role, and as much as i actually wanna vote for him..it just doesnt seem worth lynching in my eyes..Skrimiche,530,not me? ;O

also what
people are voting gikkle?HunterC98,531,A handful are, but right now looks like No lynch is winning.Grones,532,Yarrr! no lynching be a funny!

[vote] no lynch [/vote]TheHorla,533,You going to explain why you were originally on the gikkle wagon and are now switching off?TheHorla,534,Day 1 Votecount:
(4) nolynch: Gikkle, Grones, TheHorla, HunterC98
(1) cjbeats: 10000 Jelly Doughnuts
(2) gikkle: Azmimel, MrEevee7
(1) mreevee7: Skrimiche
(1) chucklenuts: DAREALMoneyMan
(1) mitochondria: Mitochondria
(1) thehorla: Vizier
(2) Not voting: Red_Pandas, CjBeats
The next votecount will be processed in 0.5 hours. You can view this votecount and all previous votecounts in the #votecounts channel in Discord.Grones,535,Methinks he be conspirators along the vile Skrimiche. Their RVS be more rotton than a landlubber's body left at sea.Grones,536,I be opposed to sendin ol' sailor Azimel down ye plankGrones,537,Both o' these 'ere sailors be experienced voyagers. They be from Port Chucklefish. 

Methinks yer Arra read be mighty suspiciousitious, on me grandmother's warts! Ye say ye be disregardin yer paranoia and yer seasickness, an' then ye reckon 'im a loyal sailor. If ye aint factorin in no coaching, none o'that, then what have ye to base yer read o'him? Ye mention but nothin else!TheHorla,538,Expand on this please?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,539,Why?
Yea but if someone starts playing mafia again after a break, it takes them a bit to get in the groove of things.
Also arra’s posted like 15 times, most of them being memes, calm a bit down in asking for a surefire read. I saw one post that was weird and then discounted it when I was being unreasonable.MrEevee7,540,[unvote] [/unvote]MrEevee7,541,Why are we no lynching..?Grones,542,Then why ye be readin 'im as a loyal sailor, instead o' null?Grones,543,erybody be voting Skrimiche off the plank early, an' Gikkle be mighty strange when he be doing it.


These posts be soundin' the bells o' enemy fire, methinks.

Voyagin on, he be letting out mysterious words

An' with no explanation o'er th'horizon

He be a dangerous pirate, methinksAzmimel,544,Reading up right now. One of us should be on for EoD.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,545,I said slight town read. Like so slight it nearly doesn’t matter.Grones,546,Hmmmmmm
Arrrrrrr ye suuurrrre 'bout that? Ye clearrrrly considered it important enough t'include in yer listAzmimel,547,[unvote][/unvote]

I didn't vote at all yesterday, so I'm almost certain that the Gikkle vote is from RVS.



I logged on a couple of minutes after he posted claiming mafia. I think the above is my first post of the day.I guessed this was a ploy by him to get voted, and that sharing the information about his PM was another way to make himself suspicious. It didn't matter to my argument that was he said was the truth or not, what mattered is that he decided to share it with us.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,548,I literally said above it: people who have been slipping under my radar. Smh illiterate pirate.Grones,549,Hmrrrrrr
Arghhhh
I be keepin me good eye on ye, tricksy sea dogRorschach,550,Guys remember to submit your flavors for game B, EOD is coming up and so is the deadline for that. Please submit it in your game B folder excel if possible, that automates things and makes the turnaround a lot quicker.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,551,Oh. Yea I should do that.DAREALMoneyMan,552,Just read and up and things. Not going to bother to give reads on people I didn't pay attention to. Even though I have done it in the past, I am disappointed people aren't following up on stuff they think is scummy just because jester is possible in this game. You guys are better than me!

Azmimel thingy



Spoiler: Full ISO




























































Spoiler: Notable Posts




Reported for bad takes. You are trying to rationalize his scummy behavior via "oh maybe post modifier!" 
I'd like to mention that I didn't find what Panda said about his pm not including his faction was scummy! If it was true, I feel like the other scum mates would notice, given the team follows the typical 1:4 ratio, they were missing someone. Back on topic, if you say he was being so scummy (even if obvious), why are you attempting to find an excuse for him (oh, he is probably Jester, or has a post modifier). Just because it is possible in the game does not mean you value it over dayplay. ALSO, a post modifier making you act scummy is stupid and I don't see Machine adding it. You could then chalk off all scummy behaviors to the modifier.
Because it was a joke? He was making light of the situtation?
Take note for later (referring to Panda).
It is always RVS for Panda (but I agree we shouldn't pass things off just because they say "oH it was RVS!"). You say here that you don't think he is towny, and referring to above post you said he was either village idiot or neutral. Thus, you think he is neutral in your own words. If you really thought he was neutral, why aren't you trying to see what type of neutral he is or voting him!
Town points here.

I have done this along with many other people in many other games. It is an obvious joke I:
NAI!! I don't think admitting that you made a boo boo is alignment indicative.
Refer to the post above x2
Well I don't think he really needed to say it was a joke considering it was obvious.
Too lazy to see what you are responding to here :/
Already said why this is stupid!



[vote]Azmimel[/vote]

I am also suspicious of Cj and Panda but I have other things to do. Like Bike. And Eat. And SleepDAREALMoneyMan,553,Also Mark you should give me the ISO bot!TheHorla,554,I am too tired to keep arguing here but this is another strawman. I am saying that if panda did not know his alignment, then him posting "I don't have an alignment" is obviously NAI. If you think he is lying for some reason, that is a different argument (and closer to the one you made.) When reading pandas, it matters what you thought his PM read; that is why I said you were speculating about his PM.Rorschach,555,Ryast has the ISO bot, not Mark.TheHorla,556,Ryast posted a link in #announcementsSkrimiche,557,why me owo
your post elaborating on this only had gikkle quotes

do you think azmimel & pandas are on the same scumteam or different scum alignmentsGrones,558,Gikkle be voting ye, then he be opposed t'me voting ye. It be worrying, like an ill tide.MrEevee7,559,Is there a reason were no lynching..?HunterC98,560,cause most everyone who was willing to lynch has either no voted or unvoted.Grones,561,Nightfall be in 10 minutesGrones,562,Arrrr! I be wrrrrrong! 50 minutes!Red_Pandas,563,[vote] no-lynch [/vote]
why notGrones,564,[vote] panda [/vote] 
I be a wacky pirateSkrimiche,565,bruh you made me panicHunterC98,566,I made myself panic..i thought i missed it.Skrimiche,567,[vote]no-lynch[/vote]Mitochondria,568,Refuse to vote for a D1 no lynch on principle so uh

[vote] Skrim [/vote]Mitochondria,569,Actually nah, I think Skrim's fine

[vote] Gikkle [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,570,Why Gikkle?Gikkle,571,i'm a good boi
I just like human flesh, nothing wrong with thatMitochondria,572,Bad gut feel, didn't do much of anything today, no other targets I feel strongly about right now.Mitochondria,573,Actually that's a lie, my pet theory is that Pi's scum but y'all ain't ready for that discussion yetDAREALMoneyMan,574,SameDAREALMoneyMan,575,Wait- why are we no lynching? Meh.Grones,576,I'lla turn'a you into'a pasta lasagna mama miaHunterC98,577,captain....who is this italian dude?TheHorla,578,Oh I'm ready for that discussion!


Re: today's lynch, fine with no lynch since the gikkle wagon is really weak and I'm not confident in anyone else (even azmimel) to eliminate.Rorschach,579,Esther is wheeled into the large room by a rather tall butler fellow, his tailcoats hovering so as not to touch the floor, and he carefully unfolds a little table and places it in the center of the room.

"You really chose not to lynch anyone?" Esther says distastefully, her eyes narrowing, eyelids you never knew were there stretching to do so. "You are all fools. You have one minute to kill someone. Or else." She says, as the butler places a large shotgun on the table. 

The first player to reply to this post with [SHOOT] @Player [/SHOOT] will take the gun and kill the player they tag.Grones,580,Who arrrrrre ye an' what ye done to th'real MarkTheHorla,581,Ever since gikkle and I got stats on our D1 lynch record, I've come around pretty hard in favour of D1 no-lynching when we have zero clue what to do. We used to NL all the time (and had a decent track record back then) - we should revive the practice!Grones,582,ARGHHH NOBODY TAKE TH'GUNGrones,583,IF ANY O' YE USE TH'GUN I BE HUNTIN' FOR YE TILL THE END O' ME DAYSRorschach,584,"Well? I'm waiting. If you do not do it, I will kill three of you where you stand." Esther says tersely.Gikkle,585,[SHOOT]@Rorschach[/SHOOT]TheHorla,586,Yeah, anyone who uses this gun without discussion gets lynched today.Grones,587,AAAAAAAAAADAREALMoneyMan,588,Can we kill Azmel Grones,589,AAAAAAAAAARRRDAREALMoneyMan,590,WE NEED TO CHOOSE SOMEONE OR 3 MORE DIE - I DON'T WANT TO DIEETheHorla,591,Everyone, relax. 

If machine wants us to lynch someone, then we'll do it. Do not shoot.Gikkle,592,kinda wanna shoot skrim... Not for any good reason, I've just always wanted to do it in a proper mafia game instead of a wolfia game...DAREALMoneyMan,593,but what if I shot scum :>Rorschach,594,There is no Rorschach in the game.Grones,595,How about I shoot ye, ye scalleywagGikkle,596,what happens if I shoot myselfDAREALMoneyMan,597,guys there is 1 minute until eod so we dont have time to change the wagon from no lynchGrones,598,RIP 3 people arrrrrghDAREALMoneyMan,599,I rather that then 3 random people dyingGikkle,600,[SHOOT]@Gikkle[/SHOOT]

LETS GOOORorschach,601,You lose the game if you shoot yourself.

EOD was 15 minute ago. Welcome to twilight.Grones,602,NOOOOOOOO ARGHHHGikkle,603,Great!Rorschach,604,Action not submitted properly.Grones,605,[shoot]@Mitochondria[/shoot]
GIKKLE WHY ARGHHHDAREALMoneyMan,606,WHY10000 Jelly Doughnuts,607,oh shoot, no pun intended.Gikkle,608,[SHOOT] @Gikkle [/SHOOT]DAREALMoneyMan,609,watch as mito is scum though lmaoGrones,610,I BE SO CONFUSED HELP MEEEEEGrones,611,NO 
ARGHHH STOP WHYYYYGikkle,612,You didn't do it correctly either, you fool!

SEE Y'ALL IN THE AFTERLIFE

IT'S BETTER THAN SLOWLY WALKING FOR ETERNITY TOWARDS MY ROOMDAREALMoneyMan,613,why has my post count in twilight been triple than that of dayGrones,614,[SHOOT] @Mitochondria [/SHOOT]

Arghhh! TAKE MINE NOT GIKKLE I BE THE CAP'NTheHorla,615,...Grones,616,MITO BE SCUM YARR HARR HARRGrones,617,Arghhh I be blamin' Gikkle 
He be an agent o' chaos, a bombardier10000 Jelly Doughnuts,618,What the heck was that?1Grones,619,GIKKLE BE TOWN IF HE BE SHOOTIN' 'IMSELF 

I BE SAVIN A LOYAL SAILOR ABOARD THIS VESSEL10000 Jelly Doughnuts,620,I meant with mito, but honestly thanks for the explanation for town gikkle too?TheHorla,621,gikkle is town right lol

like

there's no wayRorschach,622,
Gikkle and Grones rush for the gun, however, Grones is just a bit faster, pulling the gun out and aiming it at @Mitochondria.

The gun explodes in his face, and @Grones topples to the ground.






"That's better." Esther says. "Perhaps this will teach the rest of you to be more decisive." She says, gesturing as the butler wheels her out of the room, picking up the gun from the corpse of Grones as they pass.

Day 1 has ended.Gikkle,623,I have a thick shell skull, I can take it!Grones,624,If Gikkle be shootin' 'imself, he be violatin' the CODE! He be breakin 'is wincon, so the 'eavens be strikin 'im down in MODKILL

but he be shootin' 'imself

a negative times a negative be a positive YARRRRR 

HE LIVES!
@Rorschach LET 'IM LIVEGikkle,625,c'mon man!TheHorla,626,jfcGrones,627,????
GIKKLE BE FIRST YARRRRAzmimel,628,EXCUSE ME 

wtfGrones,629,@Rorschach Gikkle actually shot and formatted correctly before me, though.Gikkle,630,I am canonically the slowest person in this game. I will probably not make it to my room until September/October.DAREALMoneyMan,631,no role flip?Gikkle,632,^ this

I shot myself fair and square! Let it happen!Grones,633,day is over no more discussion!!!!Rorschach,634,Night has started. No further game discussion is allowed. I did not make any errors.Rorschach,635,Forgot to add the song to the Start of Night Post.
Updated.Grones,636,@Rorschach title btwRorschach,637,As you all begin to enter the main dining area for breakfast, you recognize an old, surprisingly not dead face. @Grones was fortunate, and the gunshot blast was not fatal. On the other hand... @MrEevee7 will not be joining you. Not only are both of his left legs missing, but he is in fact, dead. The poor centaur.

The stench of death is strong. There's a raven sitting on the tables. Dead. A nametag on it indicates that its name was "Clive."
A note from Esther sits with it. "Don't disappoint me today. Or I will make sure you are disappointed in yourselves."



Spoiler: MrEevee7 Flip



Virgil the Centaur, the Village Lie Detecting Oracular Vigilante



I hope you enjoy your breakfast as the sun rises...

Day will end at 4:30 PM EST on Sunday, August 8th, with a Twilight of 1.5 hours.Skrimiche,638,uh ohhhhRed_Pandas,639,that seems that it would be powerfulGikkle,640,I've totally forgotten basically everything that happened in this game

Who did we suspect again? Mito?Azmine,641,Pi, did anything happen while you were "dead"Azmimel,642,you’re on the wrong accountAzmimel,643,Wow that's crazyHunterC98,644,Oh captain my captain, are you still alive?TheHorla,645,How does Oracular work?Red_Pandas,646,by miracle, probably caused by him being coolRorschach,647,Ask question, receive answer.TheHorla,648,Was the scope of the questions limited in any way?Rorschach,649,
HunterC98,650,Answer it NOBALLSGikkle,651,Isoing myself to jog my memory as to what has happened


Spoiler: my posts












































Gikkle,652,Mark/Pandas/Grones I guess are my TRs for today? Idk I'm going with my past self

I also apparently TRed Mito but idk whyGikkle,653,ISOing Eevee for nk analysis purposes


Spoiler: Eevee ISO






























Gikkle,654,Eevee's main contribution was pushing Pandas
Some shade thrown on Mito at some point too but nothing significantGikkle,655,[VOTE]Pandas[/VOTE]

carrying on my boy eevee's legacy!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,656,The pandas argument isn't really strong at all. I wouldn't think mafia would go and try to frame Pandas by killing eevee when the read was mediocre.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,657,I'm honestly confused about the NK in general. Eevee is usually lynchbait, not a NK. What is mafia doing?Gikkle,658,Doesn't your second sentence support the pandas argument
They aren't gonna be trying to frame him, so the only real reason to kill Eevee is to silence him if pandas is scumGikkle,659,In what game was eevee killed n1 because mafia was purposefully doing weird kills
Can anyone remind meMitochondria,660,I'm gonna be honest, I forgot everything that was happening in this game

Big wtf to Pi for trying to kill me when I wasn't on at the very end of the last day phase, not a fan of that play at all. Personal feelings about getting merc'd aside, it was super impulsive and, imo, big scum energy to make a move like that.Grones,661,I lived *****Grones,662,Yarrr ye be scumGrones,663,No yarrrrrGrones,664,It was be to save Gikkle and 3 townies yarrrr

Ye be scumAzmimel,665,Any thoughts beyond thatGrones,666,The mutineers be cowards n killed a sailor who ne'er voted a soul. We be hardp'essed t'read this 'ere kill.Grones,667,He be scum
I be a soulreadin cap'nTheHorla,668,I am backAzmimel,669,I mean you soulread jelly last game so I'm almost inclined to believe you.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,670,Ah. Yea. Whoops. Sorry. Yea. That's what I mean.Rorschach,671,Hi back, I'm dad.Red_Pandas,672,Ngl I would probably be the mafia member that would be the most sacrifice-able
I don't think mafia would want to keep ,me alone so much they kill eevee just for having a slight scum read on me
if I had a powerful role maybe
but I dont think that would be the entire reason the kill happenedAzmimel,673,This post reeks of town idkGrones,674,Mafia most likely be lookin at votes
Eevee be a no-voter
they be killin 'imTheHorla,675,Sorry just quoting this post as a test10000 Jelly Doughnuts,676,What do you mean?Azmimel,677,Why would they want to kill a novoter?Grones,678,Mafia be wishin' t'lay low. They be murderin' sailors who 'ave no strong reads. Eevee ended day on no vote, yarrr!Grones,679,This be no hypothetical. Look'er at the vote counts, ye scalleywag. Eevee be never votin.Azmimel,680,Yes, but what's your pointCjBeats,681,Did not most of the lads and ladies within this establishment either not vote or vote for a no-lynch? I do not think voting is the right way to look at this.Grones,682,-_-
Ye be intentionally obtuse, yarrrrAzmimel,683,Probably, it's kinda lateGrones,684,The laws o' this ship, the Game C, be dictatin' that any sailor that be killed, be a loser. If ye wish to win this 'ere voyage, ye live. The wincons be different, and we be no-lynchin'.Red_Pandas,685,why?Red_Pandas,686,I didn't post yesterday when I first read stuff but Gikkle's vote on me purely off of continuing Eevee's legacy
it just doesn't seem like something a town would actually doRed_Pandas,687,I like azmimels posts tbhRed_Pandas,688,It feels like Eevee was pretty controversial yesterday and slightly scum read so I'm confused on why scum decided to kill EeveeRed_Pandas,689,sorry for the quintuple post O_O

I kiiiind of don't like Skrim's posts, but not enough to feel like it deserves a scumread
I think I need some others thoughts for this read
what do y'all think of Skrim?Grones,690,Ye be right, we be sendin her off the plank10000 Jelly Doughnuts,691,What’s up with Skrim?Grones,692,/shrug
YarrCjBeats,693,/shrug?Red_Pandas,694,I was thinking something a bit more specific but I guess that worksGrones,695,I be messin' with Pandas
He may be a mutineer, methinks 
"Skrimiche should die maybe? Thoughts?" 
Be the mutineer words.Red_Pandas,696,that is an extreme misinterpretation of my words, captain.Grones,697,A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P 
a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p 


yarr!Grones,698,YarrrRed_Pandas,699,yeah but then that makes it confusing to quoteGikkle,700,who da heck tripped over me last nightGikkle,701,@Red_Pandas what are your reads?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,702,Was that you lol?CjBeats,703,What doth thou mean trip?Skrimiche,704,you forgot why you scumread me, didnt youGikkle,705,was it you, Jelly?!! Very rude!CjBeats,706,Pwease Gikkle wikkle, expwain to wittle ole me.Gikkle,707,someone tripped over me CjBeats,708,I do not understand.Gikkle,709,you don't need to.CjBeats,710,HmmGrones,711,Yarrrr, I be questionin' the importance o' this voyage 

I propose a nolynch again! Yarrr!
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Gikkle,712,can't believe mafia chose eevee to lose first
they must hate eevee personally, since he wasn't even that big of a voice
wow mafia, so rude10000 Jelly Doughnuts,713,Look, I didn't mean to.Gikkle,714,I also got a pillow last night, thanks to whoever gave that to me. much comfy.Red_Pandas,715,any apparent consequences or effects?
Almost no reads tbh, but so far Pi TR and Azmimel slight tr
Pi we have to get flip info at SOME point
Agreed
any effects?Azmimel,716,Not a single sr?Red_Pandas,717,Nope, not one!Red_Pandas,718,Money has barely posted and the only post he seemed to put effort into is just weak arguments against already weak-ish points
it's not like bad-bad so I'm not sure if it is enough to make me feel like a possible S!Money or not
but it is thereRed_Pandas,719,this isn't responding to Azmimel's question, this is cause I JUST looked at Money's postsGikkle,720,who we killinTheHorla,721,[vote]Grones[/vote]

Still very loopy right now, but my reasoning right now is something like this:
- voting no lynch on D1 is an actually sound idea, but voting no lynch on D2 is bad
- him picking up the gun and shooting mito was actually really scummy
- gonna say that still being alive after being blown up is kinda scummy, despite his (feigned?) surprise todayTheHorla,722,The flip side of this argument, though, is that shooting another player is a better play than shooting yourself. Obviously what gikkle did was super townie, but he had a 100% chance of killing town; from town-pi's perspective, he had a 1/4 chance of hitting scum, which is better odds than gikkle's play.

The other tinfoil theory is that gikkle is scum, knew the thing was harmless, and shot himself for town points, but that strikes me as super unlikely.

Still overall, decent scumread on grones for now; I'll keep my vote here for now.Red_Pandas,723,I have no ideaRed_Pandas,724,The forced killing at EoD had almost no hints beforehand possibly revealing it, Mafia would almost never know whether it was real/fake unless Esther (or whoever the person was, I think thats who) is working with the mafia.
I feel like Gikkle self-shot would be extremely risky of a play from scum so that makes me feel like it was a town move.
I would have to check back but if Pi had an SR on Mito it can make sense from a town PoV
however from what I remember, and saw from reading back for reads, Mito wasn't his strongest SR at least from appearance, as compared to people like Skrim and Gikkle (iirc)

Decent point though overall, I didn't do much speculating on pi's shots so this could be a very possible thing
This also makes sense
also I keep forgetting that pi got blown up by itharass,725,never knew a new mafia game was going on
/backupTheHorla,726,I mean, I don't want to speculate too much since there's just a chance the thing was harmless for anyone. But it's a big ??? why he's still here

I also have some thoughts about his actual reads but I really need sleep, I'll post them asap tomorrow; hopefully we can get decent discussion in the last 12ish hours or so and get a decent lynchTheHorla,727,Oh yeah I forgot lol

Grones is voting no lynch even after what happened yesterday

Machine sent a clear message that no lynches -> bad, and grones is basically going "yeah let's touch that hot poker again yarrrr"Grones,728,I be forgivin Mark's votes o' me since he be dyin' and recoverin', from his landlubber vaccine.Grones,729,Also, Mito be scum.CjBeats,730,Then why not vote him instead of a no lynch?Red_Pandas,731,[VOTE] Grones [/VOTE] igGrones,732,Pandas and Mito be scum, methinks

Panda be a timid scum, he be saying this





He never be taking strong stances aboard his vessel. He be test th'waters, lookin' through a glass t'see if fellow mutineers be with 'im. 

Mito/Panda/Someone else 
Mutineerers! 

[vote] Panda [/vote]Red_Pandas,733,I never have strong stances on anything in mafia
this isnt a new thingGrones,734,Maybe so, but ye be testin' th'water to mislynch POOR SKRIMICHE YARRRRRRed_Pandas,735,"I kiiiind of don't like Skrim's posts, but not enough to feel like it deserves a scumread"
as in
"I don't have a Skrim SR because their posts aren't quite bad enough"
also don't you have a Skrim SR?Grones,736,No, I be spurrin ye on t'see what ye do
I be naked votin Skrimiche, and ye went "ok cool". That be tellin' me ye perfectly good with her bein' thrown o'erboard. If ye didn't SR her, why ye be sayin:
Hmmm? 
Yerrrrrr a scum one! Mr Grinch!Red_Pandas,737,I was trying to say "maybe elaborate on why"
worded in a passive-aggressive kind of wayGikkle,738,Why are y'all voting Grones10000 Jelly Doughnuts,739,Money's busy rn.

Pandas reads are a bit sheepish imo, I could see a scum pandas. Placeholder vote, so I don’t get punished if I didn’t vote.

Sorry, busy today. Might be on before EOD but I don’t see it. 

[Vote]Pandas[/Vote]TheHorla,740,I actually agree on the pandas read but why is Mito scum lolGrones,741,Gut and this post
YarrrrTheHorla,742,I'm a bit more sane now fyi

It's kinda suspicious that jelly is parroting pi's vote JUST as I vote grones, which I did not expect

So I see sorta two possible scum teams: pandas/azmine or jelly/piTheHorla,743,That post is fine? I would scumread you if you shot me. And Mito has barely done anything so no idea how you can have a gut read on them in any direction.Grones,744,One death wasn't enough for these mutineer traitors yarrrGrones,745,T H E G U T 

Y A R RRed_Pandas,746,Mark made some posts about it
who am I sheeping with my votes though?
that post is fine?
gut is not enough hereRed_Pandas,747,with my reads*Red_Pandas,748,im pretty sure all my reads are original except the Pi read which ofc is because of markTheHorla,749,Yeah pandas is wheeling votes iirc, he's just being super underconfidentGikkle,750,Oh wait people only lose the game when they are lynched? Not when nked I guess according to the wording of the ruleTheHorla,751,Should read "isn't sheeping"Gikkle,752,Spring has sprung?Azmimel,753,S-Skrim is scum?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,754,Okay on lunch (not lynch, phone) break. Let me explain my pandas read, because I didn’t even see pi’s post really in depth.

Pandas feels noncommittal in any of his reads, which isn’t AI in itself, but then he asks about Cash. Cash, who is out of the game entirely rn, has been immune to lynches and what not afaik, and tries to get suspicion on him. That’s something pretty hard to miss, and I feel like pandas is trying to make a distraction somehow. Therefore scum.

Pi’s scummy too imo, but I have that weird feeling he could be jester and hope someone would be kind enough to kill him.Azmimel,755,oh we’re doing this again, are we?Azmimel,756,From machine on the discord

"
@Player i am making the executive decision to extend day 24 hours due to some housekeeping issues I need to deal with potentially preventing me from having internet during day end.

Day will now end at 4:45 on Monday, with a twilight of 1.5 hours. 

Game B will start 15 minutes after twilight ends in games A&C.
"Mitochondria,757,[vote] Pi [/vote]

Barring a dramatic new development, my vote's probably not moving. Mark kinda stole my thunder, but here are the main reason's Pi's probably scum:
-Again, the gun play was terrible. I'm biased, yeah, but I've never been in a situation where someone's been killed right at EoD when they can't defend themselves by town. Huge town points for Gikkle for his response; Gikkle, if you're scum then congrats, you pocketted me.

-Voting for someone immediately after Mark called him out for no lynching is a bad look imo. I also think it's odd he went for Pandas instead of me (and the no lynch instead of me yesterday) considering half his posts are about he soulreads me as scum. Why is he shading me (and trying to daykill me lol) instead of getting a wagon going?

-As I said yesterday, Pi's D1 play was blegh. I can go back through the posts and find examples of all these things if anyone really wants, but I remember disliking how much he was/is controlling the thread and discussion (shooting down discussion topics he didn't like, e.g. some CJ/Jelly (?) argument from yesterday, trying to railroad my death at EoD yesterday, etc.). My pet theory is that the pirate modifier's faked so he can seem more entertaining (thus more townie) and get away with having leaps in logic by blaming misinterpretations of his post on the modifier.

Unrelated question but @Gikkle was your human flesh problem resolved last night?Grones,758,Machine be threatenin t'kill 3 people. Gikkle conftown. You? Probably scum. Yarrrr it be the best play aboard the vessel


Gettin' ye lynched be a fool's errand. easier t'get yer fellow mutineer.



Idk what this be meanin' so I be ignorin' it.

I be willin' t'hop off th'plank, but absolutely kill Mito and Panda after I flip Town yarrrr harrrGrones,759,This lynch o'me be very strrrrange. Scum motivated, obviously. Mito and Panda be needin' t'die, ye landlubbers'll see. Yarrrrrr

Last scum (if there) be unknown t'me.Grones,760,NoGrones,761,My role be verrrrrrry scummy so I be not claimin even if I be fixin' t'die. If I die, I die. I won't be winnin even if town be winnin' but I be biased, anywhoo, so do be sendin Mito and Panda off th'boat when I be gone.

Rid me o'this cursed post modifier
[vote] Panda [/vote]Red_Pandas,762,When did I ask about cash
the person I actually asked about was Skrim, Cash is just the one who I have the least of a read on out of the players I've looked at.
I actually have been forgetting that Cash is immune to stuff, but I don't even want to Lynch them so that shouldn't even matter right now
Don't use the extremely slim possibility of a jester to avoid a Lynch on them
If you could explain why he's more scummy then you that would be great
If you think there are 2 scum you know of it shouldn't matter much who you decide to kill
this doesn't make sense from town
What is this
Bad
ScummyRed_Pandas,763,Anyone else find it extremely weird that Gikkle is just now theorizing about this, instead of on day 1?

(also just noticed @Rorschach thread title is incorrect I think)Grones,764,I don't really wanna reply to this bc none of the things you said mean anything
I feel like youre purposefully misunderstanding my posts or just asking questions to appear like you're open to changing your mind, when you really just want a mislynch.

Anyways, imma dip for rest of day because I don't really understand what game C is even for? And with Mark and Mito trying to get me lynched, I'm probably dead anyways, which ofc means I lose the game and idc about town winning if I lose, cuz im a wacky selfish biatch. Anywhoo, kill Panda and Mito afterwards.

Yarrrr!Rorschach,765,When they die.Rorschach,766,Shhhhh nooooo its perfect definitely says Day 2Gikkle,767,The fact you find it weird is weird because I just went back to look at the rules and that's why I'm talking about it lolGikkle,768,I still have a craving for human flesh, but I wouldn't call it a problem.Skrimiche,769,grones town
won't be on for most of today (or this week in general tbh) but let it be known!Skrimiche,770,grones town bc he's not acting like he does as scum (from what i remember, anyways; dont rly use/pay attention to meta personally)Red_Pandas,771,You're dodging everything I said in the post, by saying I'm misunderstanding your posts. (If we're both misunderstanding each other this much that would be bad but I don't see exactly how I'm misunderstanding what you're saying.)
If you really think I'm misunderstanding your posts in a way that's harmful to the town right now, you should be correcting what you said or what I misunderstood about it. If I'm getting everything wrong I really would like to know that.
Also referring to me voting someone I SR as "wanting a mislynch" is very scummy to say imo
I can't even explain how bad this sounds
Hm, must be me then.
I just feel like half-way through D2 is a weird time to be looking back at the rules
This doesn't make sense to meTheHorla,772,Reading upRorschach,1,[No mods this is not a duplicate it makes sense if you play the game. I'm sorry that my initial setup looks like spam. We'll be using all three threads. They're not the same.]






The rain falls steadily, the castle rising up.

The carriage we follow in this wet muck sprays up mud every few yards or so, drenching any passerby more than they were before. The rickety shaft of the undercarriage creaks and groans, before the vehicle eventually comes to a stop, the horses pulling it whinnying in annoyance.

Yet another dark carriage in the line tonight, outside the front gate. Some of their inhabitants were invited and came readily...others...not so much.
Thrown in like sacks of potatoes. Today the thunder does not rush across the landscape. For this is a sad day. This is a day someone dies.

This is Mafia.

Please read the following information carefully. Many rules are not the same, and the setup is atypical from what you are familiar with. Do not sign up until you have read how to sign up.



Spoiler: What is Mafia?



Mafia is all about lies and charisma, or at least synthesized charisma. The game typically follows a cycle of discussion whereupon a player is voted out of the game, followed by a cycle where silence reigns, and players may submit their actions which could include such types of things as protection, killing, or investigation.

The game is normally composed of 2 main factions, an uninformed majority, traditionally referred to as "town" or "village," and an informed minority known as "mafia" or "wolves." The wolves' goal is to equal or outnumber the townies, while the town's goal is to eliminate all wolves.

Sometimes there are additional alignments, such as additional mafia factions, or third party roles which can win with any side, or with nobody else.






Spoiler: The General Rules



These rules do not follow a priority system. They are considered sacred, and will not take precedence over one another. These rules may be pre-empted by more game-specific rules, but unless you are explicitly told otherwise either in an official DM by me, or by a specific rule governing a thread posted by me, these rules are hard and fast.

Obey all rules associated with the forum.
Do not discuss the game outside of this thread or host-approved DMs.
Play towards you or your alignments win condition.
Do not post anything in the thread after you die. Memes are fine, as long as they are not game related in any way.
Do not post game related stuff during the cycle at which actions are traditionally resolved. (This is normally referred to as a "night" phase.)
Do not post anything I send you in a DM in any way. This includes copy-pasting, screenshotting or capturing images in any other way. I will give you explicit permission if you are allowed to share something. Otherwise, assume you are not.
Paraphrasing things is fine.
You may not delete your posts, nor edit the post such that the content of the post's meaning is changed. This means only fix grammatical or spelling mistakes if you are editing your posts.
This game will be run across three threads. You will only need to keep track of 2, and only one of those two will have discussion at a time. (Traditionally referred to as a "day" phase.)
As a moderator, I am not bound to always tell the truth. I will avoid lying where possible, but to keep the integrity of the setup, it may necessitate explicitly lying about certain functionalities until they have been triggered.
Nights will be action phases, while days will be discussion phases.
Alignments in other threads are not indicative of alignments in this thread, and vice-versa.
I will not respond to in thread tags.
I will not answer questions in thread.
I will not read questions in thread.
I will respond to my oldest DMed question first. So if you spitfire, sorry it's just I gotta handle the load in one order or another.
You may not discuss a different game in a different thread. (No discussing Game A in Game B's thread.)
This includes Game A/C Combos. Even if you're not playing in both, you may not discuss the one you're not in in your host thread.

I could lie and say that flavor isn't alignment indicative, but that would be a lie. Flavor could be alignment indicative. Or role indicative. Or both.
Duplicates are possible. Even flavor duplicates.

Vote ties are not necessarily handled the same way cycle to cycle or game to game. If not specified at the start of a cycle, assume that it is whoever was at the higher number of votes the longest.
If Player A has 8 votes and Player B has 7 votes, then someone votes player B, player A is still lynched.
If instead someone unvotes player A, player A is still lynched.

No roles are banned from play. This includes OG Jester which kills everyone when it wins.
The bot is doing vote counts. (Thanks Mark.)
Due to the nature of the setup, hydras are discouraged but not outlawed.
THERE IS NOT DEAD CHAT. 
THERE IS NO SPECTATOR'S CHAT.
YOU DO NOT RECEIVE THE ROLE LIST UPON DEATH. 
YOU MAY NOT DISCUSS THE GAME UPON DEATH.




The following three spoilers will discuss specific rules that are different between the three concurrent games. Signing up for game A or game C will also sign you up for game B.


Spoiler: Rules: Game A



As with the previous rules section, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game A's thread specifically.

The capacity of players in this thread must be at a maximum, one less than the capacity of players in Game C. For preference, this game will have two less players than Game C. It runs most optimally with 9 or more players.
Being lynched in this game means you lose the game. Winners get to live to tell about it. Losers do not.
The game follows a traditional layout of Day Discussion and Night Actions. Cycles will last approximately 48 hours each (Night=48hrs, Day=48hrs), but will be updated at the start of each cycle to clarify as needed.
The order of operations for this game is hidden. As such, you will not receive it if asking.
The "town," or uninformed majority faction will be referred to as the mafia. The informed minority will be referred to under any of the following names: "werewolf," "sleeper agent," "wolf,"or "machine why is this so unnecessarily confusing"






Spoiler: Rules: Game B



As with the previous rules sections, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game B's thread specifically.

The capacity of players in this thread is at a minimum the summation of the number of players in Games A & C.
Atypical of traditional mafia games, the discussion phase will be referred to as "Night" while the action phase will be referred to as "Day." Cycles will last 48 hours each. (Day will be 48 hours, Night will be 48 hours)
This game will start on "Day 1," meaning it will start on an action phase.
No roles will be handed out for this game until the end of Day 1's cycle. Roles will be assigned as follows:
During Day 1, you will choose a player in the game, and a flavor for them. A role will be assigned based upon that flavor.
Flavors should be something you would borrow or rent from a library or archive. This could include any of the following types of items:
Books
Movies
Music
Journalism
Photography
Or others...

You may not choose yourself as the player to receive the flavor.
You may not coordinate to ensure that everyone receives a flavor. Some books are not yet written...
If a player receives multiple flavors, they may experience any of the following:
Be given the option to select one.
Automatically redirect the flavor onto someone else.
Receive all flavors as their flavor.








Spoiler: Rules: Game C



As with the previous rules sections, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game C's thread specifically.

The capacity of players for this thread is at a minimum, one more than those in Game A. It works best, however, with 11 or more players.
If you are lynched in this game, you are considered to have lost. Winners get to eat cake, and the dead do not eat...or do they?
The game follows a traditional layout of Day Discussion and Night Actions. Cycles will last approximately 48 hours each (Night=48hrs, Day=48hrs), but will be updated at the start of each cycle to clarify as needed.
The rules for this game are subject to update. At the start of each day or night, any updates will be shared in that start post.






Spoiler: Links to Games A, B, & C



Game A
Game B
Game C





Spoiler: Important Mod Posts



PreGame: Flavor Announcements
Day 1 Start
Day 1 End
Night 1 Start
Day 2 Start



Game C:


Spoiler: Living Players



@Gikkle
@10000 Jelly Doughnuts
@Azmimel
@Grones
@Skrimiche
@Red_Pandas
@DAREALMoneyMan
@Mitochondria
@TheHorla
@HunterC98
@CjBeats
@Vizier





Spoiler: Dead Players



@MrEevee7 (Night 1)





Spoiler: Backups



@Venusaur
@Illwei





Spoiler: Spectators



Thaum is the only person allowed to spectate.





Spoiler: Previous Games



Game I
Game II - Minecraft Edition
Game III - Minecraft Mobs
Game IV - Blitz Mafia
Game V - Food Mafia
Game VI - Music Mafia
Game VII - Super Smash Bros
Game VIII - Pokemon
Game IX - Terraria Edition
Game X - Mega Walls
Game XI - Video Game Music Mafia
Game XII - Yu-Gi-Oh
Game XIII - Time Travel Mafia
Game XIV - Night of the Living Goo’s
Game XV - The Library
Game XVI - Kits and Classes U-Pick
Game XVII - Star Wars
Game XVIII - Greater Idea Mafia
Game XIX - Comic Book Edition
Game XX - Chaos Rising
Game XXI - Final Fantasy: ExDeath’s Summon
Game XXII - Hypixel Mafia Players Mafia
Game XXIII - Night of the Living Goos: Part 2
Game XXIV - Pokemon Edition
Game XXVI - Murder in the Northlands
Game XXVII - Video Games
Game XXVIII - Desolate
Game XXIX - Amusement Park Mafia
Game XXX - Restaurant Mafia
Game XXXI - Night of the Living Goo’s Part 3
Game XXXII - Mark’s Hydra Hell
Game XXXIII - Alliance Mafia
Game XXXIV - Ancient Rome Mafia
Game XXXV - Space Mafia
Game XXXVI - Summer Vacation
Game XXXVII - Dawn of War (DnD)
Game XXV - Hypixel Mafia Players Mafia 2
Game XXXVIII - Applying to College
Mini-Mafia 3: Logical Fallacies Edition
Game XXXIX - Evolution Mafia
Game XL - Don’t Starve Mafia
Game XLI - Historical Figures U-Pick
Game XLII - The Suffering Game
Game XLIII - Minecraft Mafia
Mini-mafia 4: King Edition
Mini-mafia 5: Chess Edition
Mini-mafia 6: Meme Mafia 1
Game XLIV - Finale
Game XLV - Year Long Mafia
Mini-mafia 7: Ryast’s Mini
Mini-mafia 8: Jojo’s Bizarre Mafia
Mini-mafia 9: Persona 5
Mini-mafia 10: Kirby’s Mafia Adventure
Mini-mafia 11: Meme Mafia 2
Mini-mafia 12: Playing Cards
Mini-mafia 13: Profound Mafia
Game XLVI - DEFCON Mafia
Game XLVII - A Forgotten Temple
Game XLVIII - Halloween in January
Game XLIX - Mafia Hotel
Game L - A Test of Faith
Game LI - Evolution Mafia 2
Mini-mafia 14: Operating Room
Mini-mafia 15: Diffusion of Power
Mini-mafia 16: Simulation Mafia
Game LII: Conspiracy Mafia
Game LIII: The Legend of Zelda Mafia


TheHorla,2,What's Carpe Jugulum?Rorschach,3,Seize the throat.Azmine,4,HypeGrones,5,Game CDAREALMoneyMan,6,Why is Ryast in both games A and C Grones,7,Shouldn't this be Game C? Also, why is Ryast in both games A and C?Rorschach,8,Cause I'm not very good at hitting backspace a ton of times after copy/paste decides to put an extra space between every line.Rorschach,9,Rectified.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,10,Let's go!Rorschach,11,HOKIES!!!

BA DA DA DA DA DA DAAAAAAAAAAAAAA DUMMMMMMMHunterC98,12,Welp, the games are fixing to begin eh?TheHorla,13,Quick test here:

[vote]mark[/vote]DAREALMoneyMan,14,Quick, hammer mark pregame

[vote]mark[/vote]TheHorla,15,[vote]ryast89[/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,16,Pregame RVS?Skrimiche,17,eRorschach,18,




Esther surveys the room from her high backed chair, her gaunt frame unnerving. The room is littered with damp sacks, some of you climbing out of them. Some of you have been here for a while, chatting idly over tea. In the center of the room is a large cage, covered in a cloth, something rattling at it from the inside. 

"Welcome...to the game. Everyone. You have been briefed on the rules, and if not...well. They are publicly available to you." Esther says, pulling out a pen and holding it, pointing to a bulletin on the wall with the rules. "When you choose who to lynch for today, Chef says he's on vacation. So unfortunately we'll just have to drop them in there." She says, smiling thinly, pointing to the cage in the center of the room, where something growls from the inside. "Well...I shan't keep you...You must have so much to discuss..."

Day 1 starts Now. It ends at 7:45 pm, EST on August 3rd. Twilight will last until 9pm of the same day.Grones,19,Yarrr me hearties! Aweigh anchor and set sail for hammertown!Skrimiche,20,what is up gamersGikkle,21,10000 Jelly Doughnuts,22,[Vote]Skrim[/Vote]
!Gikkle,23,[VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE]Rorschach,24,@Gikkle
@10000 Jelly Doughnuts
@Azmimel
@Grones
@Skrimiche
@Red_PandasGikkle,25,Great minds think alike!Rorschach,26,@Red_Pandas
@DAREALMoneyMan
@Mitochondria
@TheHorla
@MrEevee7Rorschach,27,@HunterC98
@CjBeats
@VizierGrones,28,[vote] Skrim [/vote] make the wench walk the plank!Gikkle,29,Bandwagon moment
susVizier,30,[Vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts[/Vote]Grones,31,yar har har, ye landlubbers got no mind for naval strategy like ye ol' capt'nVizier,32,CAPTAIN!Skrimiche,33,im feeling like absolute buttcheeks so im not actually gonna play the game /sGrones,34,AYE ME HEARTYSkrimiche,35,not sure why a townie would post this even in RVS. seems like something only scum would do for townpointsVizier,36,LOOK!Grones,37,NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NOGikkle,38,Ah... I am so hungry... But food is so far away....Skrimiche,39,ehh, the game's barely started, doesnt really seem alignment-indicative to me. just a heehoo funnee attemptSkrimiche,40,just because it's RVS doesnt mean scum cant slip. i see zero reason for a town!skrim to have posted thatSkrimiche,41,like i said, it was probably just them trying to crack a joke.

+ other people have done similar things in the thread. why havent you been going after them?TheHorla,42,hey guys remember 3 votes is actually nearly halfway to hammer lolGrones,43,Alas me hearties, the lass "Skrimiche" is but a scurvy landlubber stranded at sea, lost her mind.Skrimiche,44,where? i havent seen anyone else try to deflect suspicion off of themselves with a flimsy AtE excuse. if im wrong then go quote themMrEevee7,45,[vote] mito [/vote]Gikkle,46,look at this person, talking to themselves. Insanity!

Though, I myself don't actually have any idea whats going on. Where am I?Skrimiche,47,this is just a waste of time. i shouldnt have to hunt them down for you

[VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE] stop being hypocritical with your readsGikkle,48,[VOTE]MrEevee7[/VOTE]Skrimiche,49,annnnd there's the chainsaw defense! found another scum. [VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE]MrEevee7,50,Omgus
[Vote] gikkle [/vote]TheHorla,51,Skrim you're making me giggle lolSkrimiche,52,but you voted mito?Grones,53,ye be at sea, but that be already beknownst to ye, ye conspirator. Ye and that lass Skrimiche be pirates flying the jolly rodger on open seas!

[Vote] Gikkle [/vote]Skrimiche,54,oh wait i see
disregard silly ol meMrEevee7,55,[vote] grones [/vote]TheHorla,56,What the **** is that pfpMrEevee7,57,Are you townHunterC98,58,crunchitize me capn.

Wait, hows the quote thingie work if the click quote doesnt quote?Vizier,59,Groan

Skrim is confusing me.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,60,THEY COME TO THIS PLACE WHEN THEY KNOW THEY AREN'T PURE!TheHorla,61,
Who are you guys?Rorschach,62,Hunter
ArraTheHorla,63,I repeat the question.HunterC98,64,wazuuuuuuupRorschach,65,From Chucklefish. They're in the discord.Grones,66,Ye click th'reply button, ye freshwater politicianVizier,67,Poyo!TheHorla,68,aaaahhhhhHunterC98,69,oooooooooh...well what does the quote thingie do?Skrimiche,70,no

sorry ;-;TheHorla,71,:Waves:HunterC98,72,skrim is an adorable bat, i see no problems.Grones,73,All yer quotes be stowed away below decks, ye press "insert quotes" to rouse those lazy landlubbers and bring em to yer postMitochondria,74,more like
amiright fellas???Vizier,75,Amgry Poyo.HunterC98,76,ahh, gotcha, thank you!Grones,77,[vote] mito [/vote] this mitochondria science wizardry be black magic, a terrible omen from the heavens, take him to the plank!Azmimel,78,Hi friendsMitochondria,79,oh captain my captain, if you wish for me to die, then die I shall

[vote] Mito [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,80,I would be very suspicious about the votes nearly getting a hammer this time, but I remember this game runs smaller than what we’re used to.HunterC98,81,yeah....i'll call that pun a lynchable offense...
[Vote] mito [vote]Azmimel,82,Quick hammer mito?Mitochondria,83,do it you won't10000 Jelly Doughnuts,84,For future reference, you got to have the slash at the start of the second vote.

just in case that helpsAzmimel,85,No, cause I appreciate that game C gets to say mito is hereHunterC98,86,Ahh....whoops.
[Vote] mito [/vote]

Edit: just to say i properly voted.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,87,Fair enough, but do you have any reasoning why you did that in the first place beyond random voting?HunterC98,88,nothing beyond a sinful punAzmimel,89,Scum team

Eevee
Mito
Panda
SkrimGrones,90,Throwing jests to the wolves, methinks Gikkle and Skrim be conspirators, plotting vile mutiny!

This be a landlubber's shot at pretending not to know the wench, typical freshwater lies. Gikkle may be a scurvy bastard, but he's the eye of the crow's nest for wizardry, no use pretendin to be a fool. Away with them! 

[vote] Gikkle [/vote]Grones,91,Skrim be a vile, lying lass, a stowaway here for vile mutiny!Gikkle,92,I have literally no idea what you're saying.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,93,Scum team:

Grones
Mark
Panda
YouAzmimel,94,Yeah id be okay with that10000 Jelly Doughnuts,95,That would be a stacked team.Grones,96,More lies! Yar har har! Ye be foolin us to think yer heads filled with saltwater!Azmimel,97,Exactly, I wouldn't mind. Except Mark would get lynched too earlyGikkle,98,I admit it, it was a lie. I don't have "no" idea, since I did have SOME idea. I apologize for this horrible offense, second mate. But your pirate speech is confusing, so I don't quite understand what you're trying to say...Azmimel,99,Lynch all liars!

[Vote] gikkle [/vote]Rorschach,100,Before someone asks again.

The town/village win condition is to:
1. Survive
2. Remove all threats to town.Vizier,101,Aye, this is a mutiny capn. Hand over all the bananas and gunpowder.

[Vote] Grones [/vote]HunterC98,102,i vote we test the captain for scurvy.DAREALMoneyMan,103,There is an impostor among us, and he is ourselves

[vote]chucklenuts[/vote]TheHorla,104,Oh, since we're all talking funny:

Heyday ho

pleasen no lynch mesa. Grones isa mafia, mesa thinkHunterC98,105,i wont lie...i was very tempted to change my vote over for the jarjar talk10000 Jelly Doughnuts,106,[Vote]Mark[/Vote]
Jar Jar speaking should be a policy lynch.Red_Pandas,107,


Azmimel,108,I personally am a fan or itVizier,109,Die, they must. 

[Vote]Mark[/Vote]Mitochondria,110,Why?Azmimel,111,I dont think he's randomly accused someone based on gut yet, that's a big tellGrones,112,YE WRETCHED BABOON! I'LL HAVE YE AS SHARK FEED ERE THE WIND CHANGES! 
[vote] Vizier [/vote]Grones,113,I be a lying, murdering, pillaging captain, but no mafia ever lay in me bunk with me. Me hands be clean.Mitochondria,114,Eh, maybe, but I think Pi's been fine so far. The only Pi-adjacent post that I haven't liked thus far is this one from Gikkle:

And I really can't explain why. Something about the post's tone (too serious? too dismissive? idk) just rubbed me the wrong way when I was skimming through.Grones,115,Gut? Gut?! I'll gut ye like a fish, ye scallywag.HunterC98,116,fair thinking, but is that a tell?Mitochondria,117,The Gikkle post? Obviously it's too early to really tell but I think it could be, weirdly defensive or dismissive responses to anything that could be perceived as an attack definitely isn't uncommon scum behavior.Red_Pandas,118,ikr I am so goodRed_Pandas,119,I think pi's pirate talk is funny and therefore Pi is hard town
I will not listen to any opposing argumentGrones,120,That post by that wretched mutineer Gikkle mayhaps be the fruit of his heavens-imposed speech impediment. He be playing the part of a confused, sun-dazed landlubber, away at sea, and far from his lass, for far too long. Aye, I remember when I was but a wee lad aboard the HMS Bictory, just a wee deck swabber I was, a cabin boy. Sick to the guts!Red_Pandas,121,gikkle instant scum for no pirate speakGrones,122,Me first mate rises!Red_Pandas,123,anyways, [VOTE] Rorschach [/VOTE]
I really can't shake off the feeling that they've somehow orchestrated this all
what exactly they may be planning is beyond me, but I know they're up too somethingMitochondria,124,nah, he wasn't doing the confused act for his first three posts of the gameHunterC98,125,how many times were you told to scrub the poopdeck?Red_Pandas,126,Aye, captain!Rorschach,127,Quite a few times unfortunately. On his first day he took the name a little too literally...Mitochondria,128,this is a dumb speculation read, but i think there will be scum among the people with post modifiers (and if one flips scum, the other(s) are prob town)Red_Pandas,129,TMI??
No post modifiers are in sight I think this is tmi!!Mitochondria,130,based, you got meHunterC98,131,post modifiers?Mitochondria,132,pi's pirate posting, skrim's schizophrenia posting, maybe gikkle's confused postingMitochondria,133,Post modifiers are basically just any parts of a person's role that require them to format all their posts in a certain way.HunterC98,134,ahhhh, gotcha...Gikkle,135,I think I'm more hungry than confused, to be quite honest.Grones,136,Mayhaps she be a truly disturbed lass, afflicted by rot of the brain, not a "post-modifier"Grones,137,Me life at sea as a young cabin boy was torturous! But now I be the most feared pirate and used car salesman in the seven seas!Mitochondria,138,You didn't seem very hungry in these posts


Is there any way anyone can give you food to help you out?TheHorla,139,Nosa reason, me just needed sometten to sayen in disa amusen translatorGikkle,140,I don't have a post modifier, I think. I'm actually not really sure yet. We'll have to wait and see.Mitochondria,141,okay fair

i'm so sorryGrones,142,Mito smells afoul to me, alike a gutted fish left out to rot in the Sun. Only good to throw overboard! Mito ne'er defends a soul 'cept when he be a foul mutineer! He be seekin to put the cap'n in his trouser pockets! Hardy yar yar!TheHorla,143,It's okeedayMitochondria,144,hey i can be selfless HunterC98,145,oh? Do you have early automobiles? im a big fan of the older models...Gikkle,146,Well... There is ONE way... But you might not like it... You see, it involves human flesh...Grones,147,[unvote] [/unvote] 
Yar Marky! Is this be the way to unvote, to appease the god of the seas, "vote count bot"?Grones,148,Aye we carry anything a landlubber would desire in their dark, nasty, landlubber heartMitochondria,149,How much human flesh?Grones,150,The only powerhouse on this ship will be used combustion engines! Yar har!TheHorla,151,YesaHunterC98,152,oh good..ill have to come and do some perusing for anything of interest...Grones,153,Methinks Hunter be loyal to the cap'n. He be returnin to the high seas after years of being away, surely he be wary and lurking beneath the depths, if he were a mutineer! Timid, scouting the waters! But he be in the fray, fighting with his cutlass like the best of us!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,154,I didn’t even consider Pi’s posting to be a restriction, I just thought he was like that this game.

I may be stupid, lol.

But anyway, I don’t think restrictions are AI at all, I can’t see mito’s argument tbh.Gikkle,155,Well... The exact amount remains to be seen.Gikkle,156,I thought we were just doing this for fun, to be honest.TheHorla,157,Me'm finden disa so fun dat me think me'm goen to keep it tup.Grones,158,It be no restriction! I be struck down by the heavens with this curse, but I will become more power than you could possibly imagine!






Yar har, I drifted to the wrong franchise, for a moment there lads. The sun and years at sea be taking a toll on this cap'n's mind.Grones,159,Away with ye, ShylockVizier,160,What if I need a new ship?Grones,161,Take yerself to the shipyards then, ye scurvy dog! This cap'n sells only used cars!HunterC98,162,i be a little rusty with my sword, more akin to my pistols and muskets..10000 Jelly Doughnuts,163,Did my car’s warranty expire yet?Grones,164,O not yet, no lass! But ye must be here for yer car's extended warranty! For a mere 9000 gold pieces, yer vehicle be warranted and safe to ride the streets of Port Royal for years (two years) to come! Ah! To the plank with years! Fork over yer firstborn and yer car be warranted for a decade!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,165,Sorry, my firstborn has a contractual obligation already.HunterC98,166,ooooh, is that the new payment method?Grones,167,Damn that thieving Rumplestiltskin! That scurvy dog! Freshwater kleptomaniac! Stealing me customers!Red_Pandas,168,technically my role pm never said what alignment I am so I may be scumSkrimiche,169,explain owoSkrimiche,170,sussy
[VOTE]Red_Pandas[/VOTE]Grones,171,
Scarrrrred arrrre ya?MrEevee7,172,Sadly no
I dont think any one of those is actually a post modifier tbh except maybe pi
When u claim neutral:
[vote] panda [/vote]MrEevee7,173,If you can prove you arent neutral evil you can stay alive for nowCjBeats,174,IM ALIVE.
IM KICKIN. 
I AM HERE.

I get to play with Mito uwu, how exciting. And my boy arra, who I shall defend with my life.


mfw10000 Jelly Doughnuts,175,That’s concerning10000 Jelly Doughnuts,176,Sadge, CJ forgets about me and Pi.CjBeats,177,Fear not my good jelly, I have not forgotten thee. I simply never play with the boy arra so it brings me much joy and excitement. OHO AND THE HUNT IS HERE TOO WHAT A GLORIOUS DAY. THIS GAME SHALL BE A SPLENDID GAME OF CAMARADERIE AND BETRAYAL.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,178,You mean trolling at an advanced level?CjBeats,179,I do not understand what you mean by that my good Jelly.Vizier,180,
Mh. No like.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,181,Oh. You will 

Gut, based on nothing, read: Gikkle town.Red_Pandas,182,yeah
well im obviously not neutral, because im mafia.
yeah maybeSkrimiche,183,i thought you said you didn't know your alignmentRed_Pandas,184,yeah but I got the mafia chat so im good nowSkrimiche,185,oh okay sweetSkrimiche,186,hey now wait just a diddily darn second here

did it not say your alignment in the title of your pm??Red_Pandas,187,I mean who knows, I COULD be a secret hidden neutral in the mafia chatRed_Pandas,188,why
why would it
be in the title?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,189,Pandas obvious jester?Vizier,190,Jesters win if they die by vote...Right?Red_Pandas,191,tbh I kind of think this is some sort of scum slip 
I dont know exactly how that would work but im sure thats not how the pms workRed_Pandas,192,I agree10000 Jelly Doughnuts,193,Yes. And Machine's a fan of the original jester that kills everyone else when they die.Red_Pandas,194,that sounds really exciting tbh I think you guys should vote me10000 Jelly Doughnuts,195,Nah, we'll NK you instead 

Someone's a vig, right?Skrimiche,196,@10000 Jelly Doughnuts is your alignment in the title of your pm/file?

sure it is!Azmimel,197,I don’t think we should lynch pandas today, but we should just shoot him. 10000 Jelly Doughnuts,198,It's just labeled 'Game C' and has the role contained within. 

Although I notice a lot of spelling and grammar errors within the file, so I think machine was in a rush or something. Dunno. What's it like for everyone else?Skrimiche,199,inb4 he made them all different so people couldn't cheese the gameSkrimiche,200,oh i see
i meant the name of your role pm file, not the hypixel pmAzmimel,201,are you that nervous about a joke post? don’t like that :3
That’s a good point.

Skrim/Gikkle/Mark/Pi

do any of you actually have a post modifier or are you just joking?Azmimel,202,we all made the pms so that would be NAI anyway

also don’t feel like we should be doing this to solve the game : (Red_Pandas,203,I haven't checked my file
ohh that makes much more senseMrEevee7,204,You know town isnt called mafia this game right?
Didnt machine say there are no jesters?Azmimel,205,maybe his post modifier is that he has to lie all the time? can’t see how this would be a good jester play. It’s way too obvious; I think something else has to be going on here.MrEevee7,206,You requested machine for a normal role pm tho so you dont have a file10000 Jelly Doughnuts,207,Lmao probably.
TBH, that's a pretty scummy thing to say. I've not seen town non-ironically say that.
Machine said that *anything* could be on the rolelist afaik. I could have misread the rules, but I think he said earlier that anything goes.Skrimiche,208,why would i be nervous because of you  

re: post modifier - joke

what do you suggest instead then
cause i dont have anything elseGrones,209,Aye me heartie! I be a cap'n and a used car salesman! Yarrrr!Skrimiche,210,why are we assuming people have post modifiers and using that to determine alignments/roles .-.Grones,211,Yarrr ye be a rude wench, ye be speakin to Mel10000 Jelly Doughnuts,212,Even if Pi has a post restriction, he's having too much fun and I love it. Lock town for wholesomeness.Azmimel,213,Idk, you’re the one who asked me to explain reads made during RVS. Why ask me to explain these reads and not the other one I made after it?? 
there were enough people acting like they had post modifiers that I thought it was a possibility.

remember pi’s worldeater role?Azmimel,214,heyyy do you have a post modifier or nah?Grones,215,It be a fool's errand to affix our spyglasses on th'heavens-cursed speeches. It be the gods playing a jest on ourrrrrr lives! Next scurvy rat to say a worrrrrd gets to be a man overrboarrrd!HunterC98,216,am i a joke to you?HunterC98,217,Redeemed. All is forgiven.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,218,Everytime I read your signature, I want a burger. Dang you.Grones,219,Avast me hearties! The signature be needin an update!Azmimel,220,do you like our pfp?? i picked it out please compliment me Azmimel,221,can’t dislike posts yet : (Skrimiche,222,for anyone else who was wondering if this was actually true or not:
///////
ily mel but my point still stands xoxo

duh, because i only care about things regarding me. uwu

i think the odds of another post modified worldeater are too low to give significant thought to atmAzmimel,223,love u too 
You ask why I thought post modifiers could be indicative of alignment/role and that was my first thought. my point is that if they are real we shouldn’t brush them to the side.Grones,224,th'signaturrrre be amended forrrr th'high seas!Skrimiche,225,ehh
i still dont think theyre important (or at least not something to be focusing on for today). only one person (grones) could be argued to have one. what does that tell you?Grones,226,It be tellin ye I be th'cap'n and ye best be harkening to 'im lest ye wish t'be a wench strrrranded on BarbadosCjBeats,227,uWu panda-kun open wolfing, what a glorious day! This game will be as easy as taking a baby away from their candy!

[vote]Panda[/vote]Scythe,228,ayieh10000 Jelly Doughnuts,229,Oh?
Yes, I do! I really could go for some pasta right now, not going to lie
CJ using uWu unirionically is scaryMrEevee7,230,pandas is definitely scum, but if they are a jester we should probably be careful about lynching them. 
[unvote] [/unvote]MrEevee7,231,it gets worse when you realize
a. they dont have a file
b. they said they already read their role and it didnt say their alignment.Skrimiche,232,coward! [vote]red_pandas[/vote]Grones,233,I be thinkin this speech talk be a waste of ourrrrr voyageGrones,234,Ye ruffians be speakin of a jester
10000 Jelly Doughnuts,235,
^
Specific beats general, and if someone had something in their PM saying they differed from the rules, that takes the reigns.CjBeats,236,Doth thou fellows really think the machine would throw a jester in this here game? Nay, panda-kun is quite simply a wolf who scumsclipped. Tis the only logical explanation for his actions, say I.Gikkle,237,I claim jesterGrones,238,Gikkle be a fine tarrrrget t'send overrrrboarrrd methinks10000 Jelly Doughnuts,239,why the hell are you doing weeb shakespeare speak?Grones,240,This be the second Shakespeare rrrrreference on this ship! A coincidence?Azmimel,241,It was the first thing I noticed when I read up this morning, so that's why I asked a question about it. Red pandas being jester feels a little too easy for me. Why was he being so obviously scummy?? That's why I suggested an alternate theory: a post modifier. But it's just that, a theory.


I don't know what it tells us because I don't know that much yet. I was just curious as to why some people were acting like they had one. Could be important in the future though.Azmimel,242,pandas rating one of my posts funny feels like a punch to the gut tbhGikkle,243,the alignment is in the title right
tbh I missed that completely and just thought "village #" was something to just describe me, not my alignment. My actual role pm doesn't have my alignment so I didn't know I was town until I asked for my win con an hour later lol.

So maybe pandas is telling the truth and since there is no title machine can change in the pms sent by panda he just had a role pm with no alignmentRed_Pandas,244,I may be dumb, but I'm not stupid
no I really haven't, machine told me my role in the pm
I think machine had given me a file already when I asked for a normal pm
yeah that's true
ew CJ saying uwu instant scum [VOTE] Cjbeats [/VOTE]
scum jest?
how does not having a file make it worse
and I got my alignment now im pretty sure it was just an error that I foundRed_Pandas,245,I reaaaaaally want to do funny talk somehow but I cant think of anythingHunterC98,246,hmmm....i say we give the man what he wants, what do you all say?
[vote] Gikkle [/vote]Red_Pandas,247,I find it really funny that I've managed to get myself almost consensus scum read by doing random RVS jokes

no, I am not going to stop.Azmimel,248,are you seriously going to write this off as RVS? fmlGikkle,249,consensus? By like 4 people?Gikkle,250,It's still RVS in my heartAzmimel,251,;-; I'm so confused right nowCjBeats,252,Who knows why any of us do anything in this accursed world?

let us look at thee panda-kun. An experienced member of this here mafia party. Are we to truly believe the man is a dumbfounded idiot? He is not! Panda-kun is an intellectual who scumslipped as his pms are different than our own! Tis the only logical explanation for senpai’s actions!Red_Pandas,253,yes, I will
tbh though the jokes did kinda suck
yeah pretty muchCjBeats,254,Let me enlighten thee. RVS means random voting sycle. You are welcome!Gikkle,255,Town members can't win after dying
Thus town and mafia will be equally scared of getting lynched
Anyone who acts like they are okay with being lynched is a liarCjBeats,256,Hunter me pal! What is thine experience with the game of mafia as we play now?Red_Pandas,257,Im pretty sure mine is the same as everyone else's but coolCjBeats,258,Did ye not ask the machine senpai for a role pm different then our own?


and yet, you my dear Gik claimed jester! Hmmmm suspicious!Red_Pandas,259,yeah I dont actually have a file
just checked
I had one for game A but then I moved to game C
so my alignment technically wasn't anywhere in my PM before machine added itAzmimel,260,I get what you're saying, but I also don't understand why he wouldn't have just questioned machine privately until he understood his role. Why does he benefit from announcing that he has no alignment in his role pm?? What does that do for him?? 


if it was a joke it was a terrible one. 


Oh, CJ, you are a saucy boy!Red_Pandas,261,yeah kind of?
it was just asking for my role in the pm instead of in the file
technicallyyyyy it wasn't a joke 
but I did announce it ironicallyCjBeats,262,Perhaps the machine senpai made an Oopsie woodsie? Could it be!? Is our senpai incompetent??CjBeats,263,There was once a saying back in the day of mine from whence I was born! Comedy is subjective! Terrible jokes are still jokes my dearest Azimel!Grones,264,This be a revealing day, we thrrrow Gikkle orr Skrrrim overboard! Hunterrr, Panda, and Cj arrrrre loyal to the cap'n, forrrr cerrtain!Red_Pandas,265,im afraid soCjBeats,266,And did the machine senpai give you your request in the different role pm?Grones,267,[vote] gikkle [/vote]CjBeats,268,Alas, perhaps we should lynch him instead! Oh what a great sacrifice we must make for our panda-Kun!!Grones,269,Cj ye best stop discussin rrrrrole PMs lest ye appearrr as a conspirator mutineerrrr t'me, thrrrowin the discussion overrrboardCjBeats,270,Enlighten me my dearest cap’n-kun, what is the problem with mistress Skrimiche on this day?Grones,271,[vote]cj[/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,272,I. I.

I'm intimidated. I won't lie.CjBeats,273,My curiosity shan’t be quenched, not even by my dearest cap’n-kun.Grones,274,She be talkin amiss, and I be seeing a vile connection betwixt herrr and th'GikkleRed_Pandas,275,can confirm
yeah I think machine Lynch would be a good idea
yesCjBeats,276,Oh to switch so fast in the heart of thee! What a glorious mind you possess!Azmimel,277,
hmmmm ok10000 Jelly Doughnuts,278,




Pi's reversal of his opinions is well within his normal town meta, I think. Therefore, I will say that Pi is a high TR of mine, and would rather not want him lynched.CjBeats,279,Then chalk it up to nothing more than a miscommunication! Non-alignment indicative say I!

[unvote][/unvote]
It is settled!


my dearest jelly! I am playing most seriously in my heart!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,280,This is 1000000000% cursed.Azmimel,281,I don't like how quickly you accepted that. Where did your certainty go?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,282,


HunterC98,283,uhhh....lets see..last time i played was...what? 5'ish years ago?HunterC98,284,appreciate the vote of confidence cap!Grones,285,Jelly be using jests t'avoid exposing herrrrself as a vile mutineer?Azmimel,286,this feels like the complete opposite of how she was last game, so I'm kinda ok with it,Grones,287,Arghhhhh10000 Jelly Doughnuts,288,Nah, I just wanted to make memes. That's all. I would say that I'd stop doing them, but that would be a lie, because they're funny. 

[Vote]Cj/Vote]

Something pings me about him, he feels wishywashy.

ANd yea, pi's that way too, but he's usually that way as town.Grones,289,Panda be town, no throwin o'erboard, cap'n's orderrs10000 Jelly Doughnuts,290,I disagree with him being town, but agree with not lynching. Hopefully we have a TK that can handle the jester.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,291,because I don't see scum pandas or town pandas being this way tbh.HunterC98,292,i feel too scrambled to make a fair assumption here.

cap'n seems busy being the spitting image of a proper town seafarer.

gikkle seems to be pure chaos.

cj seems awful authoritative, though that could be chalked up with trying to make up for missing some talk time.

jelly seems to be alright so far, a pinch quiet but i dunno how she plays to make a concern of that.

azmimel is either staying very quiet and stoking flames or just unavailable most often.Azmimel,293,Maybe if you explain the connection between Gikkle and Skrim I'd explain my read :3


He's either village idiot or neutral imoGrones,294,Let's brrring out the rum and play a game below decks! All ye scalleywag excuses for sailors, bellow out the scummiest, most treacherous words ye can


The cap'n'll begin

I be so disappointed I be a loyal one this voyage, I be hopin t'be a treacherous mutineer, but the gods declarrre me loyal to me post, th'CAP'NRed_Pandas,295,I feel like I probably would be dumb enough to make these jokes as bothAzmimel,296,the only reason why I could imagine anyone saying this is because they want to be lynched.Azmimel,297,trying to chat with my hydra partner :3MrEevee7,298,hes still lying about not checking the file, as he claims he doesnt have a file later on
so you knew your alignment, so why did you say you didnt?
scum != mafia, it just is evil roles. so jester would be scum as it makes town lose in the case that it is lynched
because you said you didnt read your file, but if you dont have it thats just an obvious lie that you didnt read it.HunterC98,299,aaah...yes that is a thing, my bad.Red_Pandas,300,eh
that doesn't mean I'm lying though, if I dont have a file then I didnt read it?
so it's still true
my alignment was never in the PM before I made the joke about it
after that machine added it
technically I didn't
I dont think jester is even in the game since everyones win-con is to stay alive and defeat the other faction iirc
but that means it's true??
also I did think I had a file
my memory is bad and its not something I thought was importantCjBeats,301,Twas explained away by the panda-kun! My certainty was replaced by uncertainty before being uprisen by a new kind of certainty!
Then ye are but a bab who I shall protect henceforth!


Is coming to an understanding wishy washy my dearest jelly? It is not!MrEevee7,302,no one says "i didnt read my book!!!" if they dont have a book. you were clearly trying to make an excuse for "not knowing your alignment"
ah yes, what a great reason to be town. "my memory is bad"

guys i claim scum!!!!
wait no my memory is bad im actually town!!!Grones,303,9 times out o'10, when ye landlubbers be assured and confident ye caught a scumslip rrrrelatin' t'role PMs, ye be sorrrely mistaken. This be a useless arrrrrgument made by lazy landlubberrrsRed_Pandas,304,as said previously, at the time I thought I had a file 
I never tried to make it an argument that I was was town but sure
I was literally just stating that I had mis-remembered it
also me claiming that I was mafia is the most obvious joke in history10000 Jelly Doughnuts,305,Rum? Rum?

Honestly: scum doesn't usually tend to say that they wished they rolled scum. It's a town move in my experience. Or at least I think so. Pi just keeps on being more townie somehow.
No one read the rules closely enough and it shows.
This is 100% cursed why am I in this game, I should suffer in the nexus instead why why why why whyRed_Pandas,306,im dumb be patient with meSkrimiche,307,pg 13 atm
[vote]CjBeats[/vote]HunterC98,308,okay, lemme be the first to come to the question, do we lynch off of all the nonsense in an attempt to knock out a bad guy or let time pass and use abilities to try and find stuff out?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,309,In most games, town tries to lynch everyday due to the information gained from the flip and the potential mafia member dead.

Here it may be less advisable because a lynch on someone is an automatic 'you lose' thing, so I feel like people are more hesitant this time.DAREALMoneyMan,310,I do not like that you are attempting to brush off his actions via of setup speculationGikkle,311,[VOTE]No-Lynch[/VOTE]
When's the last time we had a d1 no lynch? :3HunterC98,312,soooo keep yapping till someone slips?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,313,Based!
[Vote]No-Lynch[/Vote]
Yep, you got it. Eventually someone will vote dumb, pressures build and then scum slipping happens!CjBeats,314,Oh Gikkle-Chan, you wild man! Perhaps once I would’ve joined you on your quest to lynch not a soul, but alas, I have come to realize the benefit of lynching a person day 1. To not do so would be an inservice to the game!HunterC98,315,aye aye cap-errr...jelly.Vizier,316,You seem...Rather. 

Dead-set on lynching.CjBeats,317,And you aren’t my dearest Arra?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,318,I'm waiting for the time CJ says 'you saucy boy' unironically. 

I think I woke up in the twilight zoneSkrimiche,319,what if they just dont care about losing :3

im down
[vote]Skrimiche[/vote]

gikkle is quaking in his bootsVizier,320,Not particularly. I really wouldn't want more company.Grones,321,Arrrgh! Based! 
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Grones,322,Land ho!Grones,323,Argh! I meant @CjBeats10000 Jelly Doughnuts,324,CJ is a farming instrument?Grones,325,He'll be farmin votes 'ere the tide changes10000 Jelly Doughnuts,326,Also: weird thought: what if dead players were still in the game somehow.

Seems very weird that Machine would just ban dead chat and giving the rolelist.

Maybe there could be revivers. Idk, just seems odd to me.HunterC98,327,That could be interesting, but then the question is, what extent of knowledge would they come back with?Grones,328,The dead souls be sent away from Davy Jones locker because all 3 worlds be connected, methinks.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,329,The same bit of when they were dead, I think.
most assuredly there’s a connection.HunterC98,330,Which makes sense of the snippet of not revealing roles.HunterC98,331,guess playing it safe would be the smart thing to do..
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Grones,332,If ye were bettin yer life on it, which of these ruffians would ye wager is a mutineer?HunterC98,333,if i was to wager my doubloons against a soul, i would say one of the quieter ones...likely mito. just don't have enough to go off of to make a safe assumption.Grones,334,Aye! Mito be a treacherous cabin boy, but for other reasons.

Speakin of quiet ruffians, lurkin under the sea,
@DAREALMoneyManHunterC98,335,i wanted to ask about him but wasnt sure if i just didnt know his name he used.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,336,Explain?TheHorla,337,I don't 100% understand the pandas situation, but I learned the hard way last game that most of the time, "scumslips" related to PMs and formatting are usually just people getting confused.

Let me see if I read this right:
- pandas got his role in a PM, not a file
- the text of the PMs doesn't contain a wincon
- since you can't edit the title of a PM, machine forgot to tell pandas his alignment
- pandas noticed this, made a joke out of it
- people didn't realize that pandas wouldn't have known his alignment from his file title, since he got his role as a PM
Explaining away behaviour as a post modifier is bad logic and scummy. If we want to argue that player such and such is "obviously scummy" because of a "post modifier", we might as well hang up our towels and go home here.
Eevee is way too confident here for my liking.
Disappointed in gikkle for speaking sense here and not using this prime reaction fish opportunity.Azmimel,338,yea, but I also don't like the fact that he's trying to write it off as an RVS joke. I wouldn't lynch him either way, but I certainly don't think he's towny.
Not attempting to brush his actions off. I'm trying to figure out on earth he would inform us (apparently as a joke) that he had no alignment in his role pm. It was just a theory . I personally don't see scum or town doing that in any situation.Azmimel,339,I think they are, specifically because of this quote from the rules for game C
Grones,340,Mito be a snake charmer, a silverrrr-tongued succubus


Across the 7 seas, I've always known this landlubber to be a rotten soul from the malbolge. He be a seducer, a liar, a flatterer, a two faced duplicitous freshwater politician!

His treacherous mutiny sails on
He be a sower of deceit, he sets our ship along the wrong course, subtly like the Majesty's snake charmer he be.Grones,341,What be the cabin boy's agenda?Skrimiche,342,[VOTE]MrEevee7[/VOTE]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,343,Mmm, I disagree, but there's probably no reason to be setup speculating
Okay other than being a dnd monster, what did Mito do?
Why?HunterC98,344,i shall kick back and watch this show unfold til i have anything interesting or thoughtful to add.Azmimel,345,oh sorry i should've been more specific on which part. I think dead players will still have an impact on the game. I have no clue about revivers.TheHorla,346,Am... I the cabin boy? Or eevee?Azmimel,347,this is the second time you've voted a person pi has put under some sort of pressure with no explanation.Grones,348,Review th'rest o'me post, illiterate wenchTheHorla,349,Where did pi pressure eevee?Grones,350,Eevee, that dogMitochondria,351,I agree with Mark's take on the Panda situation. Don't fully understand what their confusion was and honestly don't care enough about this discussion line to spend the brainpower figuring it out, but odds are more likely they got confused and communicated their confusion poorly rather than them being scum that we caught right away.

I'm also mindmelding with Mark on his Eevee take (shows up, tunnels Panda, then dips; I especially didn't like the post he made asking Panda to "prove he's not neutral evil," it's a weirdly specific thing to ask for), but I'm super uncomfy with Skrim's naked vote on him and the underlying feeling that thread consensus is quickly shifting against Eevee. Quick shifts in thread consensus generally indicate that the target's town.

I'm not sure if I dislike this post because a) I'm annoyed that we're already starting our discussion about how Mito not living in the thread = scum (in which case this post is NAI and I'm just being emotional) or b) it's scummy that I get specifically called out despite the majority of the game having done nothing thus far.

Pi's read on me is bad and he should feel bad, but I like his play so far.

Pi and Mark feel town, sans the post I called out above I've been liking Hunter, Skrim's kinda weirding me out so light scumread, I guess scumread on Eevee too but I don't think Skrim/Eevee is a scum pair.Grones,352,And where be th'first time?TheHorla,353,@Azmimel are either of you ABBA fans? (Based on your signature, just wondering)10000 Jelly Doughnuts,354,ah okay yea.
I did, you threw out spicy insults and then refused to elaborate more lolGrones,355,I'll hang ye from th'highest mast with yer own innardsMitochondria,356,I'll sink ye ship before I hangAzmimel,357,oops I mixed up you and grones. But the point should still stand. She's voted people that others have put under pressure with no explanation. 
Don't know about azmine, but I sure am.Grones,358,He be seekin a pocketed sailor, and he be veering us off course, distracting us like a Siren's cry!TheHorla,359,An hour ago I impulsively scumread him for it, but:
- good chance eevee is confused as well
- scumhunting is good, considering that it'd be easy for scum to sit back and chill right now
- I agree with mito that a shifting consensus that eevee is scum is in general indicative that eevee is town (particularly considering that he's often considered an easy lynch)Grones,360,


HunterC98,361,fair, i may not have said it well, the second half of the message was supposed to be me saying i am not fully capable to make a firm guess because i don't have anything to compare it against.CjBeats,362,You are doing amazing my dearest sweet huntie-Chan.

Let us move forward on our conversation from the mister panda-kun! It shan’t get us anywhere doddling on about it! When does this here fine day end?Grones,363,@CjBeatsHunterC98,364,Day 1 ends tomorrow at....7:45 PM i believe?Mitochondria,365,If Pi or Hunter flips scum, I think it's decently likely the other flips scum as well. They've been pretty buddy-buddy all game (meta is fairly useless, but as a point of comparison from playing scum with Pi before, I remember he's not big on bussing teammates) and I'm still weirded out by Hunter shading me without committing to a Mito scumread stance and then backpedalling a bit when I responded (builds support for Pi's read without him really sticking his neck out there).

@CjBeats-kun uwu, what do you think of things so far?CjBeats,366,Such a long day, oh me oh my! Thank you dearest cap’n-Chan. I shall love you long time.Grones,367,One of these cabin boys will walk the plank, ere the day is done! E'eryone else aboard this ship be safe!Grones,368,Yer a bold oneMitochondria,369,Being controversial is fun Grones,370,LiberrrrralsCjBeats,371,I think things are just downright fascinating in this here game! A glorious tale of whodunnit taking place upon our doorstep!
I know not the reasoning on why people are scumming the Eevee-weevee, so I could use an explanation, but beyond that there confusion I do so believe the cap’n-Chan is a good lad. Huntie-wuntie-kun is newish, so I shall protect him for now. I do so believe that talking about panda-kun as we have done so much is becoming nothing more than a waste of time. That moment has passed. I would like to hear more from my dearest arra! A delightful, beautiful, man!Grones,372,Aye?Mitochondria,373,Very wholesome post but oh so very safe! Gimme something spicy, what's your hottest take about the game right now?CjBeats,374,My dearest jelly is a sneaky, sniveling, conniving devil bent on seeing this dearest world of ours burn to the ground upon which we stand!Mitochondria,375,Now we're cooking, how come?HunterC98,376,i was asked who i thought could be scummy and answered off of what i had...which still aint much...Mitochondria,377,That's fair - and to be clear, I've generally liked your posts thus far - but the point still stands. Wishywashy reads are never a good look because they're commonly used by scum to set up mislynches and erode the town's trust in other townies without the scum player needing to commit to the read or lead the lynch (both of which look bad when the target flips town).10000 Jelly Doughnuts,378,[JOKEVOTE]JELLY[JOKEVOTE]

oh god, everyone's doing weeb shakespeare and pirate speak. Get me outta here


---
I can see a wolf eevee, but I'm hesistant because he's LHF and I feel like I could be misdirected.

It's very weird cash hasn't spoken at all, but I don't think that's AI.

CJ feels... off for some reason, maybe the restriction is throwing me off, but it feels like some serious misdirection in his posts.CjBeats,379,Despite being how one may say active, she is too concerned with how people say things instead of they say! No notable contributions have come forth from her blessed heart, and I find that odd for someone of her stature and expertise!CjBeats,380,Right as I say such words she comes with the spice, oh my! Misdirection in what way my dear friend?HunterC98,381,alrighty, ill be sure to keep that in mind.Grones,382,Indra moment 


(Argh)Grones,383,Cj vs Jelly be a fool's errand, akin t'searching for the fountain o'youthCjBeats,384,Then consider me a fool, cause this one errand that I just must run! My curious heart shan’t be quenched until I do!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,385,Let me go through your posts real quick and find what sort of bothered me. It's very possible it's not your fault and I'm in shock from the PR.CjBeats,386,I shall await patiently with pounding enthusiasm for your return!MrEevee7,387,idk about anyone else but it says right in my file what my alignment is, not just the title of it. so machine shouldve still told him his alignment regardless of whether or not it was in a normal pm. i assumed this meant he was neutral as normally neutral just comes with the roll and no statement of alignment
and then he started talking about his file, which seemed scummy to me as he shouldnt have one based on his request, and he also said he didnt read his file, which would be a pointless post to make if he had read his pm where his role should have been, so id assumed it was again, a lie.Azmimel,388,First post I could find related to his interactions with Pandas.





Eevee remembered that Pandas asked for his role in a PM instead of a file, and then fixates on Pandas saying he did not open his file where his role was because that shouldn't have been a possibility for Pandas. 

I feel like it's way too easy to scum read Eevee based on just his interactions with Pandas (which are the only significant ones he's had), especially since Pandas was creating confusion, which is not a townie thing to do.

Right now it's low-hanging fruit, and I'd like to see more from Eevee before I actually consider him to be a lynch target.

@MrEevee7 whatcha feeling right now?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,389,The hard part is that I do have issues with telling jokes and such over text. The post modifier is making it really difficult to tell if you're sincere or just playing it up. I try to keep it in mind, but you do seem to be trying to pocket people.
And then you make the argument that there was a scum slip despite not knowing anything about the format of the roles, especially because I can't really find an example PM anywhere that would justify the reason. Pandas was weird, but this is a confusing game.

Although saying you've never read your PM (pandas) is scummy, so that's agreeable
With Hunter
Hunter again, and then you were enlightened, but it reads to me like you thought this was a dead end thing.
Pi.

And well, you seem to have an odd relationship with Mito too, the 'spiciest takes' feels very forced to me.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,390,Spicy take: Neither Eevee nor Pandas should be in the lynch pool today.Azmimel,391,I'm okay with a no-lynch, but I want Skrim to explain why she voted CJ and Eevee.Grones,392,


Red_Pandas,393,setup spec good, this argument is not valid
that's pretty much right
I can get thinking pi has one but me being a bit confusing definitely =/= post mod
if anything its very normal for me to be confusing10000 Jelly Doughnuts,394,You know, when it feels like everyone's trying to pocket you, no one is. But there are like three people who did click agree on a lot of my posts recently.

EDIT: removed 'let me check' idk why I put that there.Azmimel,395,yeah, I got a little overeager thinking about post modifiers. 
I thought you didn't like CJ? Where are you on that?TheHorla,396,Why are you bringing up a no lynch so early?Azmimel,397,because three people have voted for a no-lynch so farAzmimel,398,just checked vote count, it's actually fourTheHorla,399,It just feels super weird to preface that question with that statementAzmimel,400,I mean if skrim doesn't explain her votes well then I won't be ok with a no-lynch.Vizier,401,
I swear I heard someone roll in their grave with that joke. Absolutely sickening.HunterC98,402,Sorry, that was me.Grones,403,
Grones,404,@TheHorla a used car for your thoughts?CjBeats,405,Me and mito-Chan’s relationship is one of resounding love, but that does not mean I would like to pocket. Alas, I know not the heart of Mito-Chan, so I cannot say anything about him! As for the other laddies you mentioned, I simple wish to protect huntie-wuntie on this first day as he has not played in many a moon. And is it wrong to love my cap’n-Chan for telling me when day ends? I think not! But that is the only reason I said such things, so i find it a stretch if you think that’s me trying to pocket the dear lad.

And one does know the format of a role pm, or at the very least one should! After all, we all received one from the machine senpai!TheHorla,406,Null on everyone except gikkle (light town for speaking up for panda) and lean scum on skrimiche for voting eevee.HunterC98,407,to be fair, a lot of what eevee has to say is either voting or straight calling folks out, not that i agree against him but it is something to keep aware of.Skrimiche,408,
i have my reasons, and if i dont make them public then that is also for a reason. :s

i dont think he is?

gimme a bit

scary ;-;Grones,409,Eevee be a mighty sailor, no LHF 
He be no mutineer, ne'erthelessGrones,410,Who ye be wagering be the mutineer, then?DAREALMoneyMan,411,Alas I am binging Ted lasso, I will probably be done with the season by the end of the day so I’ll do things then (TM)Skrimiche,412,also i voted cj because he had stinky energy but i dont feel like pushing him rnRed_Pandas,413,relatableAzmimel,414,Other head popping in! It's cause (you're his scum buddy) : )Skrimiche,415,prove it busterTheHorla,416,Maybe skrim and azmimel?TheHorla,417,To expand on this a bit: azmimel made some really poor attacks on panda (the whole pm speculation bit was bad, thinking that he had a post modifier that made him always lie was scummy, reading him as jester was scummy, not considering that he may have been a bit confused (and that he was telling the truth that he didn't know his alignment at the beginning) was scummy.)

Skrim naked voted eevee after I attacked them is scum-indicative, and mel immediately criticizing them (and afterwards weakly pressuring skrim) feels a bit more like scum distancing than actual scumhunting.Azmimel,418,Pandas came out and said that he did not have an alignment in his role pm, and then later claimed mafia. He did not claim that he was joking until later. That was confusing to me. I saw absolutely no reasoning for town or scum to have made that move, so I assumed he was a neutral who wanted to die. I don’t think that’s scummy.

I never speculated above role pms. In fact, I was very against it. I did speculate a bit about post modifiers, and yeah, I’ll admit I fixated on it a bit too much, but I was trying to figure out why on earth he would’ve decided to share all of this information with us instead of dming machine and figuring it out, which is what I would’ve done, and post modifiers were on my mind because of the earlier discussion. Was it a poor decision to setup speculate so early on? Probably. Is it alignment indicative? Probably not.

I don’t know why you think my argument against skrim has been weak. I haven’t voted her, that’s true, but I didn’t want to vote anyone until I discussed it with my partner.

this is the only post I made about role pms.MrEevee7,419,Idk tbh but i feel like some of the ppl on my wagon are scummy
Why? That's just straight up an anti town line of thought.Skrimiche,420,anti town? like an anti hero? sickSkrimiche,421,+ no it isnt

machine if by some miracle youre reading this i hate you for the no edit ruleRed_Pandas,422,I can see that, kind ofRed_Pandas,423,its been in mafia games like foreverSkrimiche,424,

Spoiler: cj stink pg 13









Skrimiche,425,yeah but normally i can edit in my afterthoughts when i post
now i have to double post and it's annoying for people trying to catch up TheHorla,426,There's a whole bunch to unpack here:
- if someone claims mafia, it's obviously a joke
- jokes are a thing, and don't necessarily imply that someone wants to die.
- I think it's scummy to read into his behaviour this much
- Making assumptions about the veracity of panda's claim that machine forgot to state his alignment is inherently PM speculation
- Re: why panda shared the info: when I read his posts, I found it funny that machine forgot to give him his alignment; that you didn't consider (or pretended to not consider) that he shared it because mod errors are funny is scummy.
- I didn't say that the post modifier speculation was scummy because it's setup speculation (but good point there, I guess that's one more reason to scumread you!). Your comment was scummy because trying to explain player behaviour by post-speculation ("they are lying/acting off because of mod instructions") is not a townie line of reasoning.
- Your argument against skrim is so far weak because I find it unpursuasive.Rorschach,427,*unpersuasiveGrones,428,Jokes aint always jokes arghhhSkrimiche,429,FIGHT ME YOU COWARDRorschach,430,Sure.
Skrim has been modkilled.

I win.

Skrim has been reinstated into the game.MrEevee7,431,How is it notTheHorla,432,What are you saying here?Azmimel,433,





1) From my point of view, we were out of RVS/the banter stage. Pandas said he thought it would be exciting if people voted him. That implies he wants to die.
2) He didn’t clear up that it was a joke until 30-45 minutes after, and during that time he was a major topic of discussion. The majority of players on at the time believed him to be a jester. He didn’t clear it up immediately even though he was online, which I found weird.
3) You’re telling me it’s suspicious to analyze a player I found scummy at the time? 


My argument was not about PM speculation because I was questioning why he shared the information with us. I was confused because I would’ve asked machine instead of sharing it with the rest of the players in the game. Because of this, I thought it might be a ploy to make himself seem suspicious and therefore get voted.





Proof that I never once speculated about what was actually in his PM, just that I wondered why he actually did it.


Once again, I didn’t understand why Pandas was sharing the information with us. So I tried to figure out why. Two things came into my mind. Jester, which was a common answer among the online players, and a post modifier. I thought of a post modifier because of what I’d been thinking about before with you, grones, skrim, and Gikkle.


My argument against Skrim is her votes with absolutely nothing to back them up. I made that point before you did, you just dedicated an entire post to it. Do you not find your own argument persuasive enough?Skrimiche,434,im sure youve had times where you didnt want to spell things out for a greater purposeGrones,435,Nothin 
Yar har harGrones,436,[vote] cash [/vote]Gikkle,437,I'm 2% closer to ending the world
better kill me before thenTheHorla,438,Not yet, actually! It's pretty weak right now. My argument is that you're making the same (weak) argument as I am, but to distance yourself from her.
*shrugs* Regardless of how you define the end of RVS, I did not take their posts seriously. I think you are taking some posts that were not meant to be taken seriously far too seriously, and tied yourself up in knots trying to explain them via post modifiers.
I think the majority of players that were on at the time were wrong about that. 
Yes, depending on what you're analyzing? See the comment above about taking things seriously.
Just trying to understand something here. Did you think he was telling the truth that machine forgot to give his alignment, or not?
I understand that! The facts here are clear. But I think your conclusion was wrong, and I find it suspicious that you came to the conclusion that it was a post modifier.MrEevee7,439,sure, but seeing as it is impossible to have mech info atm, i dont see how it could be that.
and not explaining reads, unless youre just being lazy, doesnt help town at all and makes you look like you dont have any actual reasons for them10000 Jelly Doughnuts,440,Except speculating on pms is useless especially for Req because he does make changes and edits to the template all the time.

Heck, he didn't even put a period in my pm, is that scum indicative?

Also Skrim, give your reasons, let's not play this gameSkrimiche,441,booooo

touché

Cj - I quoted the posts that pinged me earlier while I was reading up. I didn't feel like pushing him (I confess to being lazy!), and I switched off to Eevee soon after because that's a vote I have reasons for doing aside from gut.

Eevee - First, I thought Pandas scumslipped about his alignment not being in his pm. This was because i asked Machine earlier if the "village" in the title of my google doc was my alignment (because it wasnt in the contents of the doc), and he confirmed it. But then I thought about it some more, and realized it was more likely that it was just a goof & not an actual scumslip. Eevee pointing out the contradiction with Panda's PM (being on the hypixel forums and not a google doc) seemed townie to me, but his subsequent hounding of Panda afterwards didn't. You can argue that the attempt at gamesolving is townie, but to me, it looked more like scum going after low-hanging fruit.

anyways im dipping to pet some cats and my dog grandson, ciao o/Skrimiche,442,also the reason why i didnt elaborate on the eevee vote was because i wanted to see how he'd react to it & whether or not he'd continue to push pandasAzmimel,443,Are you trying to trick me into actual pm speculating? Either way, it doesn't change my argument. I found him suspicious because he volunteered the information, not because he claimed machine forgot to give him his alignment.

Oh, so you're not as confident as you seem. 
you're right, it probably wasn't meant to be taken seriously. However, that's how I took it at the time, and since I want to defend myself I am attempting to explain my thought process. 
My conclusion wasn’t that he had a post modifier, my conclusion was that something else was going on here. Post modifier was just an example of something else that could’ve been going on. 
HunterC98,444,where was this mindset back when i horsed around with bold talk and ended up getting myself lynched on just talking around?Grones,445,We be halfway to nightfall, best we line up some choice ruffians to walk the plank! 

I wanna see 
Mito
SkrimGrones,446,Gikkle 


Send them all to the plank!Vizier,447,What flavor stinky? Skunk, onion, rotten food?CjBeats,448,
What happened to me oh cap’n my cap’n? doth thou not know your own heart? What a spicy lad you are oh cap’n-Chan to change up so quickly! 

Mistress Skrimiche-kun, I saw thine post about my stinkiness, but alas I do not understand what pinged you about those? Will you enlighten my darling heart?

And to my dearest jelly, I have seen your point! Oh what a wonderful mind you possess!CjBeats,449,MY LOVELY ARRA OH TO SEE THINE FACE FILLS MY HEART WITH SUCH JOY!!

Tell me, my dearest Arra, doth thou have any thoughts?Scythe,450,"Shall I compare thee to a summer day?"
"You're both hot."Vizier,451,
Nothing really rattles around in this dead head of mine, but I figure I can dig something up to support an idea I have.CjBeats,452,Oh superb! I shall await your return with bated breath!Vizier,453,There's. Not a cupid/lovers role in this setup. Right?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,454,Days I wish I had a vig shotVizier,455,



Edit: Posted meme twice.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,456,You are exceptionally wishy-washy.

[Vote]CJ[/Vote]CjBeats,457,You no longer need one, for this comment is already a knife to the heart! Oh what a cruel, black, wicked, twisted, nasty heart you must possess to say such rudeness to one such as me!CjBeats,458,A man merely knows when to change his mind when faced with arguments that make sense! My mind is not fixed, it is open to one’s voices!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,459,Mmmmmhmmm
You're really wishy washy, not changing your mind with good arguments. It's more that anytime anyone puts any push back on your opinions, you drop back. You've done it like 4 times.Vizier,460,

TheHorla,461,I explicitly stated earlier that my scumread of skrim was pretty weak, so my "confidence" is really just a strawman.
No, you're getting paranoid. You assumed that pandas posting "I don't have an alignment" makes him scummy or a jester - what logically follows is that you assumed he was lying about not having an alignment. If you thought he was telling the truth, his statement is obviously NAI, since he made it before he had an alignment!TheHorla,462,There is literally figuratively nothing to use to form a mito read right now.TheHorla,463,Final thought: Grones is funny as heck, but most of his posts substantively add up to "I want to lynch mito and skrim" or "Thoughts?"Grones,464,A used car for your thots?Grones,465,Lies and deception, mutiny! He be a conspirator, I quoted the ruffian.Mitochondria,466,Pi, do you have an argument against me which doesn’t boil down to “oh he TRs me which means he’s scum trying to pocket me”? I’d hope yes if I’m one of your top lynch targets today Red_Pandas,467,I ran out of reactions, expect no communication from me for exactly 24 hoursMitochondria,468,Maybe this post? Idk, I guess I’m biased but I genuinely fail to see how any of this is scummy. First quote was RVS, second was genuine curiosity and trying to spark discussion, third was my read at the time and an attempt to get some non-RVS discussion going. Fourth is setup spec and thus bad, but ehRed_Pandas,469,the rule hasn't changed at all
probably..
we don't know for sureRed_Pandas,470,yeah tbh no ai in thereGrones,471,Yarrr! I be quoting yer crimes! Ye set us off-course with yer insinuation that post mods be alignment indicative/one o'them be scum! Subtle, but powerful derailing! Typical mutineering!MrEevee7,472,Why mito?
This does seem like a bit of an overreaction thoughRed_Pandas,473,trying to find out why you're scum read is not overreactingGrones,474,Arghh! I be explainin meself o'er and o'er!Grones,475,Jelly be sailing under our radar, methinks.Grones,476,[vote] Gikkle [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,477,
"Slipping under radar"
votes gikkle.

also smh at not reading any of my arguments with CJRed_Pandas,478,I really don't get the thread title tbhGrones,479,With respect, ye olde cap'n closes his eyes and scrolls past e'ery word Cj posts10000 Jelly Doughnuts,480,Oh okay, understandable why you missed it and scum read me. Have a nice day.Grones,481,SR ye? Ne'er said that! Don't ye be puttin words in me mouth like some kind o' freshwater tv show hostMrEevee7,482,No, it's not. But he could have awaited groness response instead of writing an essay. I just found it a bit odd is all.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,483,But you do so...Grones,484,Should I? 


Arghhh!Grones,485,But that were me reasoning! He be askin for me reasoning, and found it! This be a weird position to take, Eevee. I'll have ye swabbing decks for a week for this!Skrimiche,486,good news: the cats like me
bad news: im allergic to catsSkrimiche,487,onions are divine you take that back

sure, gimme a min

ahaha yeah ive never done that as town myself ahahaha
ahaha
aha10000 Jelly Doughnuts,488,Yes. Go on!MrEevee7,489,Well since he clearly wasn't satisfied with the reasoning id expect him to not say anything about it then attack you if thats all you said it was in case there were more reasoningGrones,490,So ye admit to being a scalleywag?!Grones,491,Why would he say nothing? Is he a mute? A dumb landlubber? No, he be a tricksy siren, speech be his gift.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,492,Yes

(I shouldn't have to do the joke here but I will)MrEevee7,493,So that he makes sure he doesn't attack you needlessly..? It's what i would do at leastGrones,494,Why would he be wary o'attacking me "needlessly"? He be scared o' me?Grones,495,This be no laughing matter!Skrimiche,496,On second thought, I agree with Cj on this? Whoops. Not sure why I thought it felt wrong. Might've been the "subjective" bit triggering a primal response in me.

The only thing he questioned from that list (Azmimel scumreading me/Gikkle + townreading Hunter/Panda/Cj) was the scumread on me, which is strange. I'm not sure why he would pick to exclusively focus on me there.

(Context: Grones offers me & Gikkle as lynch candidates, then votes Gikkle, then 2 posts after voting Gikkle tells Cj to stop discussing role PMs because it's derailing the thread*, then 2 posts after that votes Cj.
*@Grones did I get that right? Just wanna make sure I'm understanding the pirate lingo. :3)

I was going to say: "Cj shouldn't be calling out others for being wishy-washy when he's been doing it himself", but when I looked back at the actual posts I had in mind from him, I actually think the progression might be natural? He basically went through the same "Panda scumslipped" --> "Panda/Machine just goofed up" thought process as me, although he stayed at Stage #1 of that longer than I did.


Spoiler: Cj posts












@Gikkle what do you make of this^? My confidence is shattered and my night is ruined. :<Skrimiche,497,@ the cj debacle: im gonna sleep on it
and by sleep on it i mean im gonna forget about it until i remember that im playing in this game tomorrow and check the thread
o/Grones,498,Man, I have no idea, I, myself, lose half the meaning while typing up these posts

ARrghh I mean, ye be right on the trrrrreasure lass!HunterC98,499,isee that we have made a lovely circle of conversation....right where we started 'n such...10000 Jelly Doughnuts,500,You missed how he said I was scummy and then I gave a single response and he decided that was okay.

Hmmm. I don’t have an opinion on mark right now and that concerns me.Red_Pandas,501,very relatableTheHorla,502,I don't actually believe this, fyiTheHorla,503,Day 1 Votecount:
(2) nolynch: Gikkle, HunterC98
(2) cjbeats: 10000 Jelly Doughnuts, Red_Pandas
(2) gikkle: Azmimel, Grones
(1) mreevee7: Skrimiche
(1) chucklenuts: DAREALMoneyMan
(1) mitochondria: Mitochondria
(1) thehorla: Vizier
(3) Not voting: TheHorla, MrEevee7, CjBeats

You can view this votecount and all previous votecounts in the #votecounts channel in Discord.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,504,You can not believe it. I am saying this because as of this moment, it's true.

I'll go through your posts and see what I think after that.MrEevee7,505,[vote] gikkle [/vote]
@GikkleGrones,506,Argh! Well I don't be believing yer disbelief!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,507,

Spoiler: Mark's posts






PREGAME ^
---






























I think these are all of mark's post, did it by hand though so possible I missed one. Going to do a little step by step and assign arbitrary points to each post. These points add up to a fake final score that is entirely real and will determine my read.

Which will come in the next post so I can actually click on the quotes and read them as I'm drafting my response.
---

EDIT: hopefully fixed spoilers
EDIT 2: hopefully fixed spoilers?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,508,The first quarter of the day was rather weak until Mark enters in with his Pandas post, providing evidence to a joke gone awry. Nothing about the post is outstanding towny or scummy wise, although at the time it may have looked as a controversial opinion because of how everyone seemed to be whipped up into a frenzy about Pandas 'scum slip'
+1 Town Points

Asks about Pi pressuring eevee, which is incredibly NAI.

Goes back on his eevee read and admits it's impulsive, agreeing with mito. This I think marks the real end of the Eevee Pandas debate, although people would later also enforce their opinions on it.+1 Town points for admitting fault.

Dislikes a no-lynch, especially honing in on Azimel when at the time there were 4 people actually on the no-lynch train, asking none of them! I'm hesitant to call it tunneling, because it's not quite as aggressive as that, but in a couple posts down still thinks scum team could consist of Azimel, focusing on several things like Azimel considering Pandas to be jester. However, in the thread there were a fair amount of people considering jester as an option, why did Mark latch onto Azimel's posts about that and call it scummy? I feel as if there is some minor tunneling or busing here. +1 Scum points.

(Although looking at skrim's posts, they are rather weak in general, not providing reasoning until after someone calls her out on it bugs me as disinterested at the least and scummy at the most. Either way, NOT GOOD)

Mark continues to attack Azimel for things that other people did as well. +1 scum points. (Half the game was PM/setup speculating. Off the top of my head, Skrim and I did.)

Azimel sets up strawman; the argument continues. I'm now more leaning towards T/S or even T/T. I doubt S/S would use such terrible pushes to bus, and both Azimel and Mark would be fairly coordinated and careful on a bus if this were the case.

Final post is IIoA, heistant to assign scum or town intent to it, but I would argue that seems fairly out of character for him.

Final Score: 2 town points, 2 scum. An Azimel flip would be extremely helpful for resolving Mark; I think. If Az flips scum, Mark's a god-tier townie, because I don't see bussing in this scenario. If Az flips town, I'd hit mark with an investigative or a lynch.

Anyway, my thoughts on Mark. Minor ones on other people that have slipped under my radar.

---
Vizier (Arra): The vibes he gives off seem like someone rusty at mafia, not new. He has played in a couple minis here, but not ones that would justify his knowledge and apparent paranoia about lovers/cupid. I am extremely hesitant to say 'coaching' because that A: make me look like a jerk, and B: has bitten me on the butt of course. It's possible he researched and gained knowledge, and I think that my initial paranoia of 'COACHING?!!?!1!' is unfounded. Slight TR.

Hunter: TR. I have no idea how much Hunter has played before, but I'll assume he's new. He seems townie overwhelmed with learning the game. I think scum would provide more guidance in scum chat if he had rolled wolf. Of course, if Hunter does flip wolf, I think we can assume that wolves are inactive. 

Pi: Pi's town. I just feel it. Gut reasoning is of course bad, but he's acting like he does as town. 

Eevee: I think Eevee is a slight town lean for me, his confusion earlier with Pandas feels genuine. Also I don't think scum eevee naked votes like town does.HunterC98,509,If its anything worth mentioning, I was also aware of a Lovers style of role by Youtube....so that is a full possibilities.Gikkle,510,I'm not sure why you're tagging me specifically when I haven't really interacted with Cj but whatever

Also not sure if you are asking what I think of what you're saying about him or Cj in general

Your analysis is weird
One of your posts is like, why not just ask him why he picked the SR on you out of the others to question. Why make this statement without first asking Cj? Unless you did and I missed it...

I'm not too sure what the point of this analysis is if your conclusion is just "he might be town". Did you have some kind of big SR on him or something and this was supposed to be what made you turn around on that? I don't quite understand why you'd do an analysis on someone and just come up with "his progression MIGHT be natural", unless you strongly SRed them, but I don't see a reason why you would this early. 

Is this supposed to be some kind of test? I genuinely don't understand why you would make this post and not come up with a better conclusion than this.

My opinion on Cj? Idk, I haven't bothered trying to read him. Only people I've formed reads on are Mark(TR), Mito(LTR), Pandas(TR), and Eevee(LSR). Maybe someone else I've forgotten about, idk.Gikkle,511,How come you can't delete post drafts anymore :/Skrimiche,512,i did? p sure i only did it for like 2 posts before realizing it was a dead end

what other info would an azmimel flip give?

because i love you

i
...
hey @CjBeats why did you pick out the SR on me out of the others to question

i thought i had a (lightish?) scumread on him but then i lost confidence in it when i went to look at the posts that pinged me

gosh gikkle dont make me spell it out
it's 'cause im baaad ( ༎ຶ ۝ ༎ຶ )Red_Pandas,513,feeling good, might make 1 singular readGikkle,514,w.shoot Skrimiche
Mmm
Alright
What's your current read on Cj now then? Null? Light TR?
Sorry Red_Pandas,515,what do this meanGikkle,516,Information instead of analysisRed_Pandas,517,well I managed to read an entire ISO without forming any opinions at all
10000 Jelly Doughnuts,518,Information on Pandas. If Azimel flips scum, I'd say its safe to assume Pandas isn't scum.
That happens sometimes :/Skrimiche,519,if 1 is town and 10 is scum, then he's at about a 6Grones,520,Who ye ruffians be lynching?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,521,I'd be fine with a CJ or Azimel lynch for reasons stated somewhere in the thread.

Or you for the memes.HunterC98,522,about 6 hours till the notalynch happens, if someone is intent on going in the gallows, time is a running out..Gikkle,523,I think I'm top wagon rn
idek whyTheHorla,524,Why does gikkle have votes lolHunterC98,525,Oh? Welp, guess the gallows will be claiming a soul.....less folks wise up.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,526,Agreed, looks like some of them are for no reason lolRed_Pandas,527,[unvote][/unvote]TheHorla,528,Really don't understand the case against gikkle (literally none of his posts have registered with me.) Reading back, but until then [vote]No lynch[/vote]HunterC98,529,all i have on Gikkle so far is some very brazen remarks that honestly read as trying to bluff about an assigned role, and as much as i actually wanna vote for him..it just doesnt seem worth lynching in my eyes..Skrimiche,530,not me? ;O

also what
people are voting gikkle?HunterC98,531,A handful are, but right now looks like No lynch is winning.Grones,532,Yarrr! no lynching be a funny!

[vote] no lynch [/vote]TheHorla,533,You going to explain why you were originally on the gikkle wagon and are now switching off?TheHorla,534,Day 1 Votecount:
(4) nolynch: Gikkle, Grones, TheHorla, HunterC98
(1) cjbeats: 10000 Jelly Doughnuts
(2) gikkle: Azmimel, MrEevee7
(1) mreevee7: Skrimiche
(1) chucklenuts: DAREALMoneyMan
(1) mitochondria: Mitochondria
(1) thehorla: Vizier
(2) Not voting: Red_Pandas, CjBeats
The next votecount will be processed in 0.5 hours. You can view this votecount and all previous votecounts in the #votecounts channel in Discord.Grones,535,Methinks he be conspirators along the vile Skrimiche. Their RVS be more rotton than a landlubber's body left at sea.Grones,536,I be opposed to sendin ol' sailor Azimel down ye plankGrones,537,Both o' these 'ere sailors be experienced voyagers. They be from Port Chucklefish. 

Methinks yer Arra read be mighty suspiciousitious, on me grandmother's warts! Ye say ye be disregardin yer paranoia and yer seasickness, an' then ye reckon 'im a loyal sailor. If ye aint factorin in no coaching, none o'that, then what have ye to base yer read o'him? Ye mention but nothin else!TheHorla,538,Expand on this please?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,539,Why?
Yea but if someone starts playing mafia again after a break, it takes them a bit to get in the groove of things.
Also arra’s posted like 15 times, most of them being memes, calm a bit down in asking for a surefire read. I saw one post that was weird and then discounted it when I was being unreasonable.MrEevee7,540,[unvote] [/unvote]MrEevee7,541,Why are we no lynching..?Grones,542,Then why ye be readin 'im as a loyal sailor, instead o' null?Grones,543,erybody be voting Skrimiche off the plank early, an' Gikkle be mighty strange when he be doing it.


These posts be soundin' the bells o' enemy fire, methinks.

Voyagin on, he be letting out mysterious words

An' with no explanation o'er th'horizon

He be a dangerous pirate, methinksAzmimel,544,Reading up right now. One of us should be on for EoD.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,545,I said slight town read. Like so slight it nearly doesn’t matter.Grones,546,Hmmmmmm
Arrrrrrr ye suuurrrre 'bout that? Ye clearrrrly considered it important enough t'include in yer listAzmimel,547,[unvote][/unvote]

I didn't vote at all yesterday, so I'm almost certain that the Gikkle vote is from RVS.



I logged on a couple of minutes after he posted claiming mafia. I think the above is my first post of the day.I guessed this was a ploy by him to get voted, and that sharing the information about his PM was another way to make himself suspicious. It didn't matter to my argument that was he said was the truth or not, what mattered is that he decided to share it with us.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,548,I literally said above it: people who have been slipping under my radar. Smh illiterate pirate.Grones,549,Hmrrrrrr
Arghhhh
I be keepin me good eye on ye, tricksy sea dogRorschach,550,Guys remember to submit your flavors for game B, EOD is coming up and so is the deadline for that. Please submit it in your game B folder excel if possible, that automates things and makes the turnaround a lot quicker.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,551,Oh. Yea I should do that.DAREALMoneyMan,552,Just read and up and things. Not going to bother to give reads on people I didn't pay attention to. Even though I have done it in the past, I am disappointed people aren't following up on stuff they think is scummy just because jester is possible in this game. You guys are better than me!

Azmimel thingy



Spoiler: Full ISO




























































Spoiler: Notable Posts




Reported for bad takes. You are trying to rationalize his scummy behavior via "oh maybe post modifier!" 
I'd like to mention that I didn't find what Panda said about his pm not including his faction was scummy! If it was true, I feel like the other scum mates would notice, given the team follows the typical 1:4 ratio, they were missing someone. Back on topic, if you say he was being so scummy (even if obvious), why are you attempting to find an excuse for him (oh, he is probably Jester, or has a post modifier). Just because it is possible in the game does not mean you value it over dayplay. ALSO, a post modifier making you act scummy is stupid and I don't see Machine adding it. You could then chalk off all scummy behaviors to the modifier.
Because it was a joke? He was making light of the situtation?
Take note for later (referring to Panda).
It is always RVS for Panda (but I agree we shouldn't pass things off just because they say "oH it was RVS!"). You say here that you don't think he is towny, and referring to above post you said he was either village idiot or neutral. Thus, you think he is neutral in your own words. If you really thought he was neutral, why aren't you trying to see what type of neutral he is or voting him!
Town points here.

I have done this along with many other people in many other games. It is an obvious joke I:
NAI!! I don't think admitting that you made a boo boo is alignment indicative.
Refer to the post above x2
Well I don't think he really needed to say it was a joke considering it was obvious.
Too lazy to see what you are responding to here :/
Already said why this is stupid!



[vote]Azmimel[/vote]

I am also suspicious of Cj and Panda but I have other things to do. Like Bike. And Eat. And SleepDAREALMoneyMan,553,Also Mark you should give me the ISO bot!TheHorla,554,I am too tired to keep arguing here but this is another strawman. I am saying that if panda did not know his alignment, then him posting "I don't have an alignment" is obviously NAI. If you think he is lying for some reason, that is a different argument (and closer to the one you made.) When reading pandas, it matters what you thought his PM read; that is why I said you were speculating about his PM.Rorschach,555,Ryast has the ISO bot, not Mark.TheHorla,556,Ryast posted a link in #announcementsSkrimiche,557,why me owo
your post elaborating on this only had gikkle quotes

do you think azmimel & pandas are on the same scumteam or different scum alignmentsGrones,558,Gikkle be voting ye, then he be opposed t'me voting ye. It be worrying, like an ill tide.MrEevee7,559,Is there a reason were no lynching..?HunterC98,560,cause most everyone who was willing to lynch has either no voted or unvoted.Grones,561,Nightfall be in 10 minutesGrones,562,Arrrr! I be wrrrrrong! 50 minutes!Red_Pandas,563,[vote] no-lynch [/vote]
why notGrones,564,[vote] panda [/vote] 
I be a wacky pirateSkrimiche,565,bruh you made me panicHunterC98,566,I made myself panic..i thought i missed it.Skrimiche,567,[vote]no-lynch[/vote]Mitochondria,568,Refuse to vote for a D1 no lynch on principle so uh

[vote] Skrim [/vote]Mitochondria,569,Actually nah, I think Skrim's fine

[vote] Gikkle [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,570,Why Gikkle?Gikkle,571,i'm a good boi
I just like human flesh, nothing wrong with thatMitochondria,572,Bad gut feel, didn't do much of anything today, no other targets I feel strongly about right now.Mitochondria,573,Actually that's a lie, my pet theory is that Pi's scum but y'all ain't ready for that discussion yetDAREALMoneyMan,574,SameDAREALMoneyMan,575,Wait- why are we no lynching? Meh.Grones,576,I'lla turn'a you into'a pasta lasagna mama miaHunterC98,577,captain....who is this italian dude?TheHorla,578,Oh I'm ready for that discussion!


Re: today's lynch, fine with no lynch since the gikkle wagon is really weak and I'm not confident in anyone else (even azmimel) to eliminate.Rorschach,579,Esther is wheeled into the large room by a rather tall butler fellow, his tailcoats hovering so as not to touch the floor, and he carefully unfolds a little table and places it in the center of the room.

"You really chose not to lynch anyone?" Esther says distastefully, her eyes narrowing, eyelids you never knew were there stretching to do so. "You are all fools. You have one minute to kill someone. Or else." She says, as the butler places a large shotgun on the table. 

The first player to reply to this post with [SHOOT] @Player [/SHOOT] will take the gun and kill the player they tag.Grones,580,Who arrrrrre ye an' what ye done to th'real MarkTheHorla,581,Ever since gikkle and I got stats on our D1 lynch record, I've come around pretty hard in favour of D1 no-lynching when we have zero clue what to do. We used to NL all the time (and had a decent track record back then) - we should revive the practice!Grones,582,ARGHHH NOBODY TAKE TH'GUNGrones,583,IF ANY O' YE USE TH'GUN I BE HUNTIN' FOR YE TILL THE END O' ME DAYSRorschach,584,"Well? I'm waiting. If you do not do it, I will kill three of you where you stand." Esther says tersely.Gikkle,585,[SHOOT]@Rorschach[/SHOOT]TheHorla,586,Yeah, anyone who uses this gun without discussion gets lynched today.Grones,587,AAAAAAAAAADAREALMoneyMan,588,Can we kill Azmel Grones,589,AAAAAAAAAARRRDAREALMoneyMan,590,WE NEED TO CHOOSE SOMEONE OR 3 MORE DIE - I DON'T WANT TO DIEETheHorla,591,Everyone, relax. 

If machine wants us to lynch someone, then we'll do it. Do not shoot.Gikkle,592,kinda wanna shoot skrim... Not for any good reason, I've just always wanted to do it in a proper mafia game instead of a wolfia game...DAREALMoneyMan,593,but what if I shot scum :>Rorschach,594,There is no Rorschach in the game.Grones,595,How about I shoot ye, ye scalleywagGikkle,596,what happens if I shoot myselfDAREALMoneyMan,597,guys there is 1 minute until eod so we dont have time to change the wagon from no lynchGrones,598,RIP 3 people arrrrrghDAREALMoneyMan,599,I rather that then 3 random people dyingGikkle,600,[SHOOT]@Gikkle[/SHOOT]

LETS GOOORorschach,601,You lose the game if you shoot yourself.

EOD was 15 minute ago. Welcome to twilight.Grones,602,NOOOOOOOO ARGHHHGikkle,603,Great!Rorschach,604,Action not submitted properly.Grones,605,[shoot]@Mitochondria[/shoot]
GIKKLE WHY ARGHHHDAREALMoneyMan,606,WHY10000 Jelly Doughnuts,607,oh shoot, no pun intended.Gikkle,608,[SHOOT] @Gikkle [/SHOOT]DAREALMoneyMan,609,watch as mito is scum though lmaoGrones,610,I BE SO CONFUSED HELP MEEEEEGrones,611,NO 
ARGHHH STOP WHYYYYGikkle,612,You didn't do it correctly either, you fool!

SEE Y'ALL IN THE AFTERLIFE

IT'S BETTER THAN SLOWLY WALKING FOR ETERNITY TOWARDS MY ROOMDAREALMoneyMan,613,why has my post count in twilight been triple than that of dayGrones,614,[SHOOT] @Mitochondria [/SHOOT]

Arghhh! TAKE MINE NOT GIKKLE I BE THE CAP'NTheHorla,615,...Grones,616,MITO BE SCUM YARR HARR HARRGrones,617,Arghhh I be blamin' Gikkle 
He be an agent o' chaos, a bombardier10000 Jelly Doughnuts,618,What the heck was that?1Grones,619,GIKKLE BE TOWN IF HE BE SHOOTIN' 'IMSELF 

I BE SAVIN A LOYAL SAILOR ABOARD THIS VESSEL10000 Jelly Doughnuts,620,I meant with mito, but honestly thanks for the explanation for town gikkle too?TheHorla,621,gikkle is town right lol

like

there's no wayRorschach,622,
Gikkle and Grones rush for the gun, however, Grones is just a bit faster, pulling the gun out and aiming it at @Mitochondria.

The gun explodes in his face, and @Grones topples to the ground.






"That's better." Esther says. "Perhaps this will teach the rest of you to be more decisive." She says, gesturing as the butler wheels her out of the room, picking up the gun from the corpse of Grones as they pass.

Day 1 has ended.Gikkle,623,I have a thick shell skull, I can take it!Grones,624,If Gikkle be shootin' 'imself, he be violatin' the CODE! He be breakin 'is wincon, so the 'eavens be strikin 'im down in MODKILL

but he be shootin' 'imself

a negative times a negative be a positive YARRRRR 

HE LIVES!
@Rorschach LET 'IM LIVEGikkle,625,c'mon man!TheHorla,626,jfcGrones,627,????
GIKKLE BE FIRST YARRRRAzmimel,628,EXCUSE ME 

wtfGrones,629,@Rorschach Gikkle actually shot and formatted correctly before me, though.Gikkle,630,I am canonically the slowest person in this game. I will probably not make it to my room until September/October.DAREALMoneyMan,631,no role flip?Gikkle,632,^ this

I shot myself fair and square! Let it happen!Grones,633,day is over no more discussion!!!!Rorschach,634,Night has started. No further game discussion is allowed. I did not make any errors.Rorschach,635,Forgot to add the song to the Start of Night Post.
Updated.Grones,636,@Rorschach title btwRorschach,637,As you all begin to enter the main dining area for breakfast, you recognize an old, surprisingly not dead face. @Grones was fortunate, and the gunshot blast was not fatal. On the other hand... @MrEevee7 will not be joining you. Not only are both of his left legs missing, but he is in fact, dead. The poor centaur.

The stench of death is strong. There's a raven sitting on the tables. Dead. A nametag on it indicates that its name was "Clive."
A note from Esther sits with it. "Don't disappoint me today. Or I will make sure you are disappointed in yourselves."



Spoiler: MrEevee7 Flip



Virgil the Centaur, the Village Lie Detecting Oracular Vigilante



I hope you enjoy your breakfast as the sun rises...

Day will end at 4:30 PM EST on Sunday, August 8th, with a Twilight of 1.5 hours.Skrimiche,638,uh ohhhhRed_Pandas,639,that seems that it would be powerfulGikkle,640,I've totally forgotten basically everything that happened in this game

Who did we suspect again? Mito?Azmine,641,Pi, did anything happen while you were "dead"Azmimel,642,you’re on the wrong accountAzmimel,643,Wow that's crazyHunterC98,644,Oh captain my captain, are you still alive?TheHorla,645,How does Oracular work?Red_Pandas,646,by miracle, probably caused by him being coolRorschach,647,Ask question, receive answer.TheHorla,648,Was the scope of the questions limited in any way?Rorschach,649,
HunterC98,650,Answer it NOBALLSGikkle,651,Isoing myself to jog my memory as to what has happened


Spoiler: my posts












































Gikkle,652,Mark/Pandas/Grones I guess are my TRs for today? Idk I'm going with my past self

I also apparently TRed Mito but idk whyGikkle,653,ISOing Eevee for nk analysis purposes


Spoiler: Eevee ISO






























Gikkle,654,Eevee's main contribution was pushing Pandas
Some shade thrown on Mito at some point too but nothing significantGikkle,655,[VOTE]Pandas[/VOTE]

carrying on my boy eevee's legacy!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,656,The pandas argument isn't really strong at all. I wouldn't think mafia would go and try to frame Pandas by killing eevee when the read was mediocre.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,657,I'm honestly confused about the NK in general. Eevee is usually lynchbait, not a NK. What is mafia doing?Gikkle,658,Doesn't your second sentence support the pandas argument
They aren't gonna be trying to frame him, so the only real reason to kill Eevee is to silence him if pandas is scumGikkle,659,In what game was eevee killed n1 because mafia was purposefully doing weird kills
Can anyone remind meMitochondria,660,I'm gonna be honest, I forgot everything that was happening in this game

Big wtf to Pi for trying to kill me when I wasn't on at the very end of the last day phase, not a fan of that play at all. Personal feelings about getting merc'd aside, it was super impulsive and, imo, big scum energy to make a move like that.Grones,661,I lived *****Grones,662,Yarrr ye be scumGrones,663,No yarrrrrGrones,664,It was be to save Gikkle and 3 townies yarrrr

Ye be scumAzmimel,665,Any thoughts beyond thatGrones,666,The mutineers be cowards n killed a sailor who ne'er voted a soul. We be hardp'essed t'read this 'ere kill.Grones,667,He be scum
I be a soulreadin cap'nTheHorla,668,I am backAzmimel,669,I mean you soulread jelly last game so I'm almost inclined to believe you.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,670,Ah. Yea. Whoops. Sorry. Yea. That's what I mean.Rorschach,671,Hi back, I'm dad.Red_Pandas,672,Ngl I would probably be the mafia member that would be the most sacrifice-able
I don't think mafia would want to keep ,me alone so much they kill eevee just for having a slight scum read on me
if I had a powerful role maybe
but I dont think that would be the entire reason the kill happenedAzmimel,673,This post reeks of town idkGrones,674,Mafia most likely be lookin at votes
Eevee be a no-voter
they be killin 'imTheHorla,675,Sorry just quoting this post as a test10000 Jelly Doughnuts,676,What do you mean?Azmimel,677,Why would they want to kill a novoter?Grones,678,Mafia be wishin' t'lay low. They be murderin' sailors who 'ave no strong reads. Eevee ended day on no vote, yarrr!Grones,679,This be no hypothetical. Look'er at the vote counts, ye scalleywag. Eevee be never votin.Azmimel,680,Yes, but what's your pointCjBeats,681,Did not most of the lads and ladies within this establishment either not vote or vote for a no-lynch? I do not think voting is the right way to look at this.Grones,682,-_-
Ye be intentionally obtuse, yarrrrAzmimel,683,Probably, it's kinda lateGrones,684,The laws o' this ship, the Game C, be dictatin' that any sailor that be killed, be a loser. If ye wish to win this 'ere voyage, ye live. The wincons be different, and we be no-lynchin'.Red_Pandas,685,why?Red_Pandas,686,I didn't post yesterday when I first read stuff but Gikkle's vote on me purely off of continuing Eevee's legacy
it just doesn't seem like something a town would actually doRed_Pandas,687,I like azmimels posts tbhRed_Pandas,688,It feels like Eevee was pretty controversial yesterday and slightly scum read so I'm confused on why scum decided to kill EeveeRed_Pandas,689,sorry for the quintuple post O_O

I kiiiind of don't like Skrim's posts, but not enough to feel like it deserves a scumread
I think I need some others thoughts for this read
what do y'all think of Skrim?Grones,690,Ye be right, we be sendin her off the plank10000 Jelly Doughnuts,691,What’s up with Skrim?Grones,692,/shrug
YarrCjBeats,693,/shrug?Red_Pandas,694,I was thinking something a bit more specific but I guess that worksGrones,695,I be messin' with Pandas
He may be a mutineer, methinks 
"Skrimiche should die maybe? Thoughts?" 
Be the mutineer words.Red_Pandas,696,that is an extreme misinterpretation of my words, captain.Grones,697,A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P 
a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p 


yarr!Grones,698,YarrrRed_Pandas,699,yeah but then that makes it confusing to quoteGikkle,700,who da heck tripped over me last nightGikkle,701,@Red_Pandas what are your reads?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,702,Was that you lol?CjBeats,703,What doth thou mean trip?Skrimiche,704,you forgot why you scumread me, didnt youGikkle,705,was it you, Jelly?!! Very rude!CjBeats,706,Pwease Gikkle wikkle, expwain to wittle ole me.Gikkle,707,someone tripped over me CjBeats,708,I do not understand.Gikkle,709,you don't need to.CjBeats,710,HmmGrones,711,Yarrrr, I be questionin' the importance o' this voyage 

I propose a nolynch again! Yarrr!
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Gikkle,712,can't believe mafia chose eevee to lose first
they must hate eevee personally, since he wasn't even that big of a voice
wow mafia, so rude10000 Jelly Doughnuts,713,Look, I didn't mean to.Gikkle,714,I also got a pillow last night, thanks to whoever gave that to me. much comfy.Red_Pandas,715,any apparent consequences or effects?
Almost no reads tbh, but so far Pi TR and Azmimel slight tr
Pi we have to get flip info at SOME point
Agreed
any effects?Azmimel,716,Not a single sr?Red_Pandas,717,Nope, not one!Red_Pandas,718,Money has barely posted and the only post he seemed to put effort into is just weak arguments against already weak-ish points
it's not like bad-bad so I'm not sure if it is enough to make me feel like a possible S!Money or not
but it is thereRed_Pandas,719,this isn't responding to Azmimel's question, this is cause I JUST looked at Money's postsGikkle,720,who we killinTheHorla,721,[vote]Grones[/vote]

Still very loopy right now, but my reasoning right now is something like this:
- voting no lynch on D1 is an actually sound idea, but voting no lynch on D2 is bad
- him picking up the gun and shooting mito was actually really scummy
- gonna say that still being alive after being blown up is kinda scummy, despite his (feigned?) surprise todayTheHorla,722,The flip side of this argument, though, is that shooting another player is a better play than shooting yourself. Obviously what gikkle did was super townie, but he had a 100% chance of killing town; from town-pi's perspective, he had a 1/4 chance of hitting scum, which is better odds than gikkle's play.

The other tinfoil theory is that gikkle is scum, knew the thing was harmless, and shot himself for town points, but that strikes me as super unlikely.

Still overall, decent scumread on grones for now; I'll keep my vote here for now.Red_Pandas,723,I have no ideaRed_Pandas,724,The forced killing at EoD had almost no hints beforehand possibly revealing it, Mafia would almost never know whether it was real/fake unless Esther (or whoever the person was, I think thats who) is working with the mafia.
I feel like Gikkle self-shot would be extremely risky of a play from scum so that makes me feel like it was a town move.
I would have to check back but if Pi had an SR on Mito it can make sense from a town PoV
however from what I remember, and saw from reading back for reads, Mito wasn't his strongest SR at least from appearance, as compared to people like Skrim and Gikkle (iirc)

Decent point though overall, I didn't do much speculating on pi's shots so this could be a very possible thing
This also makes sense
also I keep forgetting that pi got blown up by itharass,725,never knew a new mafia game was going on
/backupTheHorla,726,I mean, I don't want to speculate too much since there's just a chance the thing was harmless for anyone. But it's a big ??? why he's still here

I also have some thoughts about his actual reads but I really need sleep, I'll post them asap tomorrow; hopefully we can get decent discussion in the last 12ish hours or so and get a decent lynchTheHorla,727,Oh yeah I forgot lol

Grones is voting no lynch even after what happened yesterday

Machine sent a clear message that no lynches -> bad, and grones is basically going "yeah let's touch that hot poker again yarrrr"Grones,728,I be forgivin Mark's votes o' me since he be dyin' and recoverin', from his landlubber vaccine.Grones,729,Also, Mito be scum.CjBeats,730,Then why not vote him instead of a no lynch?Red_Pandas,731,[VOTE] Grones [/VOTE] igGrones,732,Pandas and Mito be scum, methinks

Panda be a timid scum, he be saying this





He never be taking strong stances aboard his vessel. He be test th'waters, lookin' through a glass t'see if fellow mutineers be with 'im. 

Mito/Panda/Someone else 
Mutineerers! 

[vote] Panda [/vote]Red_Pandas,733,I never have strong stances on anything in mafia
this isnt a new thingGrones,734,Maybe so, but ye be testin' th'water to mislynch POOR SKRIMICHE YARRRRRRed_Pandas,735,"I kiiiind of don't like Skrim's posts, but not enough to feel like it deserves a scumread"
as in
"I don't have a Skrim SR because their posts aren't quite bad enough"
also don't you have a Skrim SR?Grones,736,No, I be spurrin ye on t'see what ye do
I be naked votin Skrimiche, and ye went "ok cool". That be tellin' me ye perfectly good with her bein' thrown o'erboard. If ye didn't SR her, why ye be sayin:
Hmmm? 
Yerrrrrr a scum one! Mr Grinch!Red_Pandas,737,I was trying to say "maybe elaborate on why"
worded in a passive-aggressive kind of wayGikkle,738,Why are y'all voting Grones10000 Jelly Doughnuts,739,Money's busy rn.

Pandas reads are a bit sheepish imo, I could see a scum pandas. Placeholder vote, so I don’t get punished if I didn’t vote.

Sorry, busy today. Might be on before EOD but I don’t see it. 

[Vote]Pandas[/Vote]TheHorla,740,I actually agree on the pandas read but why is Mito scum lolGrones,741,Gut and this post
YarrrrTheHorla,742,I'm a bit more sane now fyi

It's kinda suspicious that jelly is parroting pi's vote JUST as I vote grones, which I did not expect

So I see sorta two possible scum teams: pandas/azmine or jelly/piTheHorla,743,That post is fine? I would scumread you if you shot me. And Mito has barely done anything so no idea how you can have a gut read on them in any direction.Grones,744,One death wasn't enough for these mutineer traitors yarrrGrones,745,T H E G U T 

Y A R RRed_Pandas,746,Mark made some posts about it
who am I sheeping with my votes though?
that post is fine?
gut is not enough hereRed_Pandas,747,with my reads*Red_Pandas,748,im pretty sure all my reads are original except the Pi read which ofc is because of markTheHorla,749,Yeah pandas is wheeling votes iirc, he's just being super underconfidentGikkle,750,Oh wait people only lose the game when they are lynched? Not when nked I guess according to the wording of the ruleTheHorla,751,Should read "isn't sheeping"Gikkle,752,Spring has sprung?Azmimel,753,S-Skrim is scum?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,754,Okay on lunch (not lynch, phone) break. Let me explain my pandas read, because I didn’t even see pi’s post really in depth.

Pandas feels noncommittal in any of his reads, which isn’t AI in itself, but then he asks about Cash. Cash, who is out of the game entirely rn, has been immune to lynches and what not afaik, and tries to get suspicion on him. That’s something pretty hard to miss, and I feel like pandas is trying to make a distraction somehow. Therefore scum.

Pi’s scummy too imo, but I have that weird feeling he could be jester and hope someone would be kind enough to kill him.Azmimel,755,oh we’re doing this again, are we?Azmimel,756,From machine on the discord

"
@Player i am making the executive decision to extend day 24 hours due to some housekeeping issues I need to deal with potentially preventing me from having internet during day end.

Day will now end at 4:45 on Monday, with a twilight of 1.5 hours. 

Game B will start 15 minutes after twilight ends in games A&C.
"Mitochondria,757,[vote] Pi [/vote]

Barring a dramatic new development, my vote's probably not moving. Mark kinda stole my thunder, but here are the main reason's Pi's probably scum:
-Again, the gun play was terrible. I'm biased, yeah, but I've never been in a situation where someone's been killed right at EoD when they can't defend themselves by town. Huge town points for Gikkle for his response; Gikkle, if you're scum then congrats, you pocketted me.

-Voting for someone immediately after Mark called him out for no lynching is a bad look imo. I also think it's odd he went for Pandas instead of me (and the no lynch instead of me yesterday) considering half his posts are about he soulreads me as scum. Why is he shading me (and trying to daykill me lol) instead of getting a wagon going?

-As I said yesterday, Pi's D1 play was blegh. I can go back through the posts and find examples of all these things if anyone really wants, but I remember disliking how much he was/is controlling the thread and discussion (shooting down discussion topics he didn't like, e.g. some CJ/Jelly (?) argument from yesterday, trying to railroad my death at EoD yesterday, etc.). My pet theory is that the pirate modifier's faked so he can seem more entertaining (thus more townie) and get away with having leaps in logic by blaming misinterpretations of his post on the modifier.

Unrelated question but @Gikkle was your human flesh problem resolved last night?Grones,758,Machine be threatenin t'kill 3 people. Gikkle conftown. You? Probably scum. Yarrrr it be the best play aboard the vessel


Gettin' ye lynched be a fool's errand. easier t'get yer fellow mutineer.



Idk what this be meanin' so I be ignorin' it.

I be willin' t'hop off th'plank, but absolutely kill Mito and Panda after I flip Town yarrrr harrrGrones,759,This lynch o'me be very strrrrange. Scum motivated, obviously. Mito and Panda be needin' t'die, ye landlubbers'll see. Yarrrrrr

Last scum (if there) be unknown t'me.Grones,760,NoGrones,761,My role be verrrrrrry scummy so I be not claimin even if I be fixin' t'die. If I die, I die. I won't be winnin even if town be winnin' but I be biased, anywhoo, so do be sendin Mito and Panda off th'boat when I be gone.

Rid me o'this cursed post modifier
[vote] Panda [/vote]Red_Pandas,762,When did I ask about cash
the person I actually asked about was Skrim, Cash is just the one who I have the least of a read on out of the players I've looked at.
I actually have been forgetting that Cash is immune to stuff, but I don't even want to Lynch them so that shouldn't even matter right now
Don't use the extremely slim possibility of a jester to avoid a Lynch on them
If you could explain why he's more scummy then you that would be great
If you think there are 2 scum you know of it shouldn't matter much who you decide to kill
this doesn't make sense from town
What is this
Bad
ScummyRed_Pandas,763,Anyone else find it extremely weird that Gikkle is just now theorizing about this, instead of on day 1?

(also just noticed @Rorschach thread title is incorrect I think)Grones,764,I don't really wanna reply to this bc none of the things you said mean anything
I feel like youre purposefully misunderstanding my posts or just asking questions to appear like you're open to changing your mind, when you really just want a mislynch.

Anyways, imma dip for rest of day because I don't really understand what game C is even for? And with Mark and Mito trying to get me lynched, I'm probably dead anyways, which ofc means I lose the game and idc about town winning if I lose, cuz im a wacky selfish biatch. Anywhoo, kill Panda and Mito afterwards.

Yarrrr!Rorschach,765,When they die.Rorschach,766,Shhhhh nooooo its perfect definitely says Day 2Gikkle,767,The fact you find it weird is weird because I just went back to look at the rules and that's why I'm talking about it lolGikkle,768,I still have a craving for human flesh, but I wouldn't call it a problem.Skrimiche,769,grones town
won't be on for most of today (or this week in general tbh) but let it be known!Skrimiche,770,grones town bc he's not acting like he does as scum (from what i remember, anyways; dont rly use/pay attention to meta personally)Red_Pandas,771,You're dodging everything I said in the post, by saying I'm misunderstanding your posts. (If we're both misunderstanding each other this much that would be bad but I don't see exactly how I'm misunderstanding what you're saying.)
If you really think I'm misunderstanding your posts in a way that's harmful to the town right now, you should be correcting what you said or what I misunderstood about it. If I'm getting everything wrong I really would like to know that.
Also referring to me voting someone I SR as "wanting a mislynch" is very scummy to say imo
I can't even explain how bad this sounds
Hm, must be me then.
I just feel like half-way through D2 is a weird time to be looking back at the rules
This doesn't make sense to meTheHorla,772,Reading upRorschach,1,[No mods this is not a duplicate it makes sense if you play the game. I'm sorry that my initial setup looks like spam. We'll be using all three threads. They're not the same.]






The rain falls steadily, the castle rising up.

The carriage we follow in this wet muck sprays up mud every few yards or so, drenching any passerby more than they were before. The rickety shaft of the undercarriage creaks and groans, before the vehicle eventually comes to a stop, the horses pulling it whinnying in annoyance.

Yet another dark carriage in the line tonight, outside the front gate. Some of their inhabitants were invited and came readily...others...not so much.
Thrown in like sacks of potatoes. Today the thunder does not rush across the landscape. For this is a sad day. This is a day someone dies.

This is Mafia.

Please read the following information carefully. Many rules are not the same, and the setup is atypical from what you are familiar with. Do not sign up until you have read how to sign up.



Spoiler: What is Mafia?



Mafia is all about lies and charisma, or at least synthesized charisma. The game typically follows a cycle of discussion whereupon a player is voted out of the game, followed by a cycle where silence reigns, and players may submit their actions which could include such types of things as protection, killing, or investigation.

The game is normally composed of 2 main factions, an uninformed majority, traditionally referred to as "town" or "village," and an informed minority known as "mafia" or "wolves." The wolves' goal is to equal or outnumber the townies, while the town's goal is to eliminate all wolves.

Sometimes there are additional alignments, such as additional mafia factions, or third party roles which can win with any side, or with nobody else.






Spoiler: The General Rules



These rules do not follow a priority system. They are considered sacred, and will not take precedence over one another. These rules may be pre-empted by more game-specific rules, but unless you are explicitly told otherwise either in an official DM by me, or by a specific rule governing a thread posted by me, these rules are hard and fast.

Obey all rules associated with the forum.
Do not discuss the game outside of this thread or host-approved DMs.
Play towards you or your alignments win condition.
Do not post anything in the thread after you die. Memes are fine, as long as they are not game related in any way.
Do not post game related stuff during the cycle at which actions are traditionally resolved. (This is normally referred to as a "night" phase.)
Do not post anything I send you in a DM in any way. This includes copy-pasting, screenshotting or capturing images in any other way. I will give you explicit permission if you are allowed to share something. Otherwise, assume you are not.
Paraphrasing things is fine.
You may not delete your posts, nor edit the post such that the content of the post's meaning is changed. This means only fix grammatical or spelling mistakes if you are editing your posts.
This game will be run across three threads. You will only need to keep track of 2, and only one of those two will have discussion at a time. (Traditionally referred to as a "day" phase.)
As a moderator, I am not bound to always tell the truth. I will avoid lying where possible, but to keep the integrity of the setup, it may necessitate explicitly lying about certain functionalities until they have been triggered.
Nights will be action phases, while days will be discussion phases.
Alignments in other threads are not indicative of alignments in this thread, and vice-versa.
I will not respond to in thread tags.
I will not answer questions in thread.
I will not read questions in thread.
I will respond to my oldest DMed question first. So if you spitfire, sorry it's just I gotta handle the load in one order or another.
You may not discuss a different game in a different thread. (No discussing Game A in Game B's thread.)
This includes Game A/C Combos. Even if you're not playing in both, you may not discuss the one you're not in in your host thread.

I could lie and say that flavor isn't alignment indicative, but that would be a lie. Flavor could be alignment indicative. Or role indicative. Or both.
Duplicates are possible. Even flavor duplicates.

Vote ties are not necessarily handled the same way cycle to cycle or game to game. If not specified at the start of a cycle, assume that it is whoever was at the higher number of votes the longest.
If Player A has 8 votes and Player B has 7 votes, then someone votes player B, player A is still lynched.
If instead someone unvotes player A, player A is still lynched.

No roles are banned from play. This includes OG Jester which kills everyone when it wins.
The bot is doing vote counts. (Thanks Mark.)
Due to the nature of the setup, hydras are discouraged but not outlawed.
THERE IS NOT DEAD CHAT. 
THERE IS NO SPECTATOR'S CHAT.
YOU DO NOT RECEIVE THE ROLE LIST UPON DEATH. 
YOU MAY NOT DISCUSS THE GAME UPON DEATH.




The following three spoilers will discuss specific rules that are different between the three concurrent games. Signing up for game A or game C will also sign you up for game B.


Spoiler: Rules: Game A



As with the previous rules section, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game A's thread specifically.

The capacity of players in this thread must be at a maximum, one less than the capacity of players in Game C. For preference, this game will have two less players than Game C. It runs most optimally with 9 or more players.
Being lynched in this game means you lose the game. Winners get to live to tell about it. Losers do not.
The game follows a traditional layout of Day Discussion and Night Actions. Cycles will last approximately 48 hours each (Night=48hrs, Day=48hrs), but will be updated at the start of each cycle to clarify as needed.
The order of operations for this game is hidden. As such, you will not receive it if asking.
The "town," or uninformed majority faction will be referred to as the mafia. The informed minority will be referred to under any of the following names: "werewolf," "sleeper agent," "wolf,"or "machine why is this so unnecessarily confusing"






Spoiler: Rules: Game B



As with the previous rules sections, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game B's thread specifically.

The capacity of players in this thread is at a minimum the summation of the number of players in Games A & C.
Atypical of traditional mafia games, the discussion phase will be referred to as "Night" while the action phase will be referred to as "Day." Cycles will last 48 hours each. (Day will be 48 hours, Night will be 48 hours)
This game will start on "Day 1," meaning it will start on an action phase.
No roles will be handed out for this game until the end of Day 1's cycle. Roles will be assigned as follows:
During Day 1, you will choose a player in the game, and a flavor for them. A role will be assigned based upon that flavor.
Flavors should be something you would borrow or rent from a library or archive. This could include any of the following types of items:
Books
Movies
Music
Journalism
Photography
Or others...

You may not choose yourself as the player to receive the flavor.
You may not coordinate to ensure that everyone receives a flavor. Some books are not yet written...
If a player receives multiple flavors, they may experience any of the following:
Be given the option to select one.
Automatically redirect the flavor onto someone else.
Receive all flavors as their flavor.








Spoiler: Rules: Game C



As with the previous rules sections, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game C's thread specifically.

The capacity of players for this thread is at a minimum, one more than those in Game A. It works best, however, with 11 or more players.
If you are lynched in this game, you are considered to have lost. Winners get to eat cake, and the dead do not eat...or do they?
The game follows a traditional layout of Day Discussion and Night Actions. Cycles will last approximately 48 hours each (Night=48hrs, Day=48hrs), but will be updated at the start of each cycle to clarify as needed.
The rules for this game are subject to update. At the start of each day or night, any updates will be shared in that start post.






Spoiler: Links to Games A, B, & C



Game A
Game B
Game C





Spoiler: Important Mod Posts



PreGame: Flavor Announcements
Day 1 Start
Day 1 End
Night 1 Start
Day 2 Start



Game C:


Spoiler: Living Players



@Gikkle
@10000 Jelly Doughnuts
@Azmimel
@Grones
@Skrimiche
@Red_Pandas
@DAREALMoneyMan
@Mitochondria
@TheHorla
@HunterC98
@CjBeats
@Vizier





Spoiler: Dead Players



@MrEevee7 (Night 1)





Spoiler: Backups



@Venusaur
@Illwei





Spoiler: Spectators



Thaum is the only person allowed to spectate.





Spoiler: Previous Games



Game I
Game II - Minecraft Edition
Game III - Minecraft Mobs
Game IV - Blitz Mafia
Game V - Food Mafia
Game VI - Music Mafia
Game VII - Super Smash Bros
Game VIII - Pokemon
Game IX - Terraria Edition
Game X - Mega Walls
Game XI - Video Game Music Mafia
Game XII - Yu-Gi-Oh
Game XIII - Time Travel Mafia
Game XIV - Night of the Living Goo’s
Game XV - The Library
Game XVI - Kits and Classes U-Pick
Game XVII - Star Wars
Game XVIII - Greater Idea Mafia
Game XIX - Comic Book Edition
Game XX - Chaos Rising
Game XXI - Final Fantasy: ExDeath’s Summon
Game XXII - Hypixel Mafia Players Mafia
Game XXIII - Night of the Living Goos: Part 2
Game XXIV - Pokemon Edition
Game XXVI - Murder in the Northlands
Game XXVII - Video Games
Game XXVIII - Desolate
Game XXIX - Amusement Park Mafia
Game XXX - Restaurant Mafia
Game XXXI - Night of the Living Goo’s Part 3
Game XXXII - Mark’s Hydra Hell
Game XXXIII - Alliance Mafia
Game XXXIV - Ancient Rome Mafia
Game XXXV - Space Mafia
Game XXXVI - Summer Vacation
Game XXXVII - Dawn of War (DnD)
Game XXV - Hypixel Mafia Players Mafia 2
Game XXXVIII - Applying to College
Mini-Mafia 3: Logical Fallacies Edition
Game XXXIX - Evolution Mafia
Game XL - Don’t Starve Mafia
Game XLI - Historical Figures U-Pick
Game XLII - The Suffering Game
Game XLIII - Minecraft Mafia
Mini-mafia 4: King Edition
Mini-mafia 5: Chess Edition
Mini-mafia 6: Meme Mafia 1
Game XLIV - Finale
Game XLV - Year Long Mafia
Mini-mafia 7: Ryast’s Mini
Mini-mafia 8: Jojo’s Bizarre Mafia
Mini-mafia 9: Persona 5
Mini-mafia 10: Kirby’s Mafia Adventure
Mini-mafia 11: Meme Mafia 2
Mini-mafia 12: Playing Cards
Mini-mafia 13: Profound Mafia
Game XLVI - DEFCON Mafia
Game XLVII - A Forgotten Temple
Game XLVIII - Halloween in January
Game XLIX - Mafia Hotel
Game L - A Test of Faith
Game LI - Evolution Mafia 2
Mini-mafia 14: Operating Room
Mini-mafia 15: Diffusion of Power
Mini-mafia 16: Simulation Mafia
Game LII: Conspiracy Mafia
Game LIII: The Legend of Zelda Mafia


TheHorla,2,What's Carpe Jugulum?Rorschach,3,Seize the throat.Azmine,4,HypeGrones,5,Game CDAREALMoneyMan,6,Why is Ryast in both games A and C Grones,7,Shouldn't this be Game C? Also, why is Ryast in both games A and C?Rorschach,8,Cause I'm not very good at hitting backspace a ton of times after copy/paste decides to put an extra space between every line.Rorschach,9,Rectified.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,10,Let's go!Rorschach,11,HOKIES!!!

BA DA DA DA DA DA DAAAAAAAAAAAAAA DUMMMMMMMHunterC98,12,Welp, the games are fixing to begin eh?TheHorla,13,Quick test here:

[vote]mark[/vote]DAREALMoneyMan,14,Quick, hammer mark pregame

[vote]mark[/vote]TheHorla,15,[vote]ryast89[/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,16,Pregame RVS?Skrimiche,17,eRorschach,18,




Esther surveys the room from her high backed chair, her gaunt frame unnerving. The room is littered with damp sacks, some of you climbing out of them. Some of you have been here for a while, chatting idly over tea. In the center of the room is a large cage, covered in a cloth, something rattling at it from the inside. 

"Welcome...to the game. Everyone. You have been briefed on the rules, and if not...well. They are publicly available to you." Esther says, pulling out a pen and holding it, pointing to a bulletin on the wall with the rules. "When you choose who to lynch for today, Chef says he's on vacation. So unfortunately we'll just have to drop them in there." She says, smiling thinly, pointing to the cage in the center of the room, where something growls from the inside. "Well...I shan't keep you...You must have so much to discuss..."

Day 1 starts Now. It ends at 7:45 pm, EST on August 3rd. Twilight will last until 9pm of the same day.Grones,19,Yarrr me hearties! Aweigh anchor and set sail for hammertown!Skrimiche,20,what is up gamersGikkle,21,10000 Jelly Doughnuts,22,[Vote]Skrim[/Vote]
!Gikkle,23,[VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE]Rorschach,24,@Gikkle
@10000 Jelly Doughnuts
@Azmimel
@Grones
@Skrimiche
@Red_PandasGikkle,25,Great minds think alike!Rorschach,26,@Red_Pandas
@DAREALMoneyMan
@Mitochondria
@TheHorla
@MrEevee7Rorschach,27,@HunterC98
@CjBeats
@VizierGrones,28,[vote] Skrim [/vote] make the wench walk the plank!Gikkle,29,Bandwagon moment
susVizier,30,[Vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts[/Vote]Grones,31,yar har har, ye landlubbers got no mind for naval strategy like ye ol' capt'nVizier,32,CAPTAIN!Skrimiche,33,im feeling like absolute buttcheeks so im not actually gonna play the game /sGrones,34,AYE ME HEARTYSkrimiche,35,not sure why a townie would post this even in RVS. seems like something only scum would do for townpointsVizier,36,LOOK!Grones,37,NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NOGikkle,38,Ah... I am so hungry... But food is so far away....Skrimiche,39,ehh, the game's barely started, doesnt really seem alignment-indicative to me. just a heehoo funnee attemptSkrimiche,40,just because it's RVS doesnt mean scum cant slip. i see zero reason for a town!skrim to have posted thatSkrimiche,41,like i said, it was probably just them trying to crack a joke.

+ other people have done similar things in the thread. why havent you been going after them?TheHorla,42,hey guys remember 3 votes is actually nearly halfway to hammer lolGrones,43,Alas me hearties, the lass "Skrimiche" is but a scurvy landlubber stranded at sea, lost her mind.Skrimiche,44,where? i havent seen anyone else try to deflect suspicion off of themselves with a flimsy AtE excuse. if im wrong then go quote themMrEevee7,45,[vote] mito [/vote]Gikkle,46,look at this person, talking to themselves. Insanity!

Though, I myself don't actually have any idea whats going on. Where am I?Skrimiche,47,this is just a waste of time. i shouldnt have to hunt them down for you

[VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE] stop being hypocritical with your readsGikkle,48,[VOTE]MrEevee7[/VOTE]Skrimiche,49,annnnd there's the chainsaw defense! found another scum. [VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE]MrEevee7,50,Omgus
[Vote] gikkle [/vote]TheHorla,51,Skrim you're making me giggle lolSkrimiche,52,but you voted mito?Grones,53,ye be at sea, but that be already beknownst to ye, ye conspirator. Ye and that lass Skrimiche be pirates flying the jolly rodger on open seas!

[Vote] Gikkle [/vote]Skrimiche,54,oh wait i see
disregard silly ol meMrEevee7,55,[vote] grones [/vote]TheHorla,56,What the **** is that pfpMrEevee7,57,Are you townHunterC98,58,crunchitize me capn.

Wait, hows the quote thingie work if the click quote doesnt quote?Vizier,59,Groan

Skrim is confusing me.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,60,THEY COME TO THIS PLACE WHEN THEY KNOW THEY AREN'T PURE!TheHorla,61,
Who are you guys?Rorschach,62,Hunter
ArraTheHorla,63,I repeat the question.HunterC98,64,wazuuuuuuupRorschach,65,From Chucklefish. They're in the discord.Grones,66,Ye click th'reply button, ye freshwater politicianVizier,67,Poyo!TheHorla,68,aaaahhhhhHunterC98,69,oooooooooh...well what does the quote thingie do?Skrimiche,70,no

sorry ;-;TheHorla,71,:Waves:HunterC98,72,skrim is an adorable bat, i see no problems.Grones,73,All yer quotes be stowed away below decks, ye press "insert quotes" to rouse those lazy landlubbers and bring em to yer postMitochondria,74,more like
amiright fellas???Vizier,75,Amgry Poyo.HunterC98,76,ahh, gotcha, thank you!Grones,77,[vote] mito [/vote] this mitochondria science wizardry be black magic, a terrible omen from the heavens, take him to the plank!Azmimel,78,Hi friendsMitochondria,79,oh captain my captain, if you wish for me to die, then die I shall

[vote] Mito [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,80,I would be very suspicious about the votes nearly getting a hammer this time, but I remember this game runs smaller than what we’re used to.HunterC98,81,yeah....i'll call that pun a lynchable offense...
[Vote] mito [vote]Azmimel,82,Quick hammer mito?Mitochondria,83,do it you won't10000 Jelly Doughnuts,84,For future reference, you got to have the slash at the start of the second vote.

just in case that helpsAzmimel,85,No, cause I appreciate that game C gets to say mito is hereHunterC98,86,Ahh....whoops.
[Vote] mito [/vote]

Edit: just to say i properly voted.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,87,Fair enough, but do you have any reasoning why you did that in the first place beyond random voting?HunterC98,88,nothing beyond a sinful punAzmimel,89,Scum team

Eevee
Mito
Panda
SkrimGrones,90,Throwing jests to the wolves, methinks Gikkle and Skrim be conspirators, plotting vile mutiny!

This be a landlubber's shot at pretending not to know the wench, typical freshwater lies. Gikkle may be a scurvy bastard, but he's the eye of the crow's nest for wizardry, no use pretendin to be a fool. Away with them! 

[vote] Gikkle [/vote]Grones,91,Skrim be a vile, lying lass, a stowaway here for vile mutiny!Gikkle,92,I have literally no idea what you're saying.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,93,Scum team:

Grones
Mark
Panda
YouAzmimel,94,Yeah id be okay with that10000 Jelly Doughnuts,95,That would be a stacked team.Grones,96,More lies! Yar har har! Ye be foolin us to think yer heads filled with saltwater!Azmimel,97,Exactly, I wouldn't mind. Except Mark would get lynched too earlyGikkle,98,I admit it, it was a lie. I don't have "no" idea, since I did have SOME idea. I apologize for this horrible offense, second mate. But your pirate speech is confusing, so I don't quite understand what you're trying to say...Azmimel,99,Lynch all liars!

[Vote] gikkle [/vote]Rorschach,100,Before someone asks again.

The town/village win condition is to:
1. Survive
2. Remove all threats to town.Vizier,101,Aye, this is a mutiny capn. Hand over all the bananas and gunpowder.

[Vote] Grones [/vote]HunterC98,102,i vote we test the captain for scurvy.DAREALMoneyMan,103,There is an impostor among us, and he is ourselves

[vote]chucklenuts[/vote]TheHorla,104,Oh, since we're all talking funny:

Heyday ho

pleasen no lynch mesa. Grones isa mafia, mesa thinkHunterC98,105,i wont lie...i was very tempted to change my vote over for the jarjar talk10000 Jelly Doughnuts,106,[Vote]Mark[/Vote]
Jar Jar speaking should be a policy lynch.Red_Pandas,107,


Azmimel,108,I personally am a fan or itVizier,109,Die, they must. 

[Vote]Mark[/Vote]Mitochondria,110,Why?Azmimel,111,I dont think he's randomly accused someone based on gut yet, that's a big tellGrones,112,YE WRETCHED BABOON! I'LL HAVE YE AS SHARK FEED ERE THE WIND CHANGES! 
[vote] Vizier [/vote]Grones,113,I be a lying, murdering, pillaging captain, but no mafia ever lay in me bunk with me. Me hands be clean.Mitochondria,114,Eh, maybe, but I think Pi's been fine so far. The only Pi-adjacent post that I haven't liked thus far is this one from Gikkle:

And I really can't explain why. Something about the post's tone (too serious? too dismissive? idk) just rubbed me the wrong way when I was skimming through.Grones,115,Gut? Gut?! I'll gut ye like a fish, ye scallywag.HunterC98,116,fair thinking, but is that a tell?Mitochondria,117,The Gikkle post? Obviously it's too early to really tell but I think it could be, weirdly defensive or dismissive responses to anything that could be perceived as an attack definitely isn't uncommon scum behavior.Red_Pandas,118,ikr I am so goodRed_Pandas,119,I think pi's pirate talk is funny and therefore Pi is hard town
I will not listen to any opposing argumentGrones,120,That post by that wretched mutineer Gikkle mayhaps be the fruit of his heavens-imposed speech impediment. He be playing the part of a confused, sun-dazed landlubber, away at sea, and far from his lass, for far too long. Aye, I remember when I was but a wee lad aboard the HMS Bictory, just a wee deck swabber I was, a cabin boy. Sick to the guts!Red_Pandas,121,gikkle instant scum for no pirate speakGrones,122,Me first mate rises!Red_Pandas,123,anyways, [VOTE] Rorschach [/VOTE]
I really can't shake off the feeling that they've somehow orchestrated this all
what exactly they may be planning is beyond me, but I know they're up too somethingMitochondria,124,nah, he wasn't doing the confused act for his first three posts of the gameHunterC98,125,how many times were you told to scrub the poopdeck?Red_Pandas,126,Aye, captain!Rorschach,127,Quite a few times unfortunately. On his first day he took the name a little too literally...Mitochondria,128,this is a dumb speculation read, but i think there will be scum among the people with post modifiers (and if one flips scum, the other(s) are prob town)Red_Pandas,129,TMI??
No post modifiers are in sight I think this is tmi!!Mitochondria,130,based, you got meHunterC98,131,post modifiers?Mitochondria,132,pi's pirate posting, skrim's schizophrenia posting, maybe gikkle's confused postingMitochondria,133,Post modifiers are basically just any parts of a person's role that require them to format all their posts in a certain way.HunterC98,134,ahhhh, gotcha...Gikkle,135,I think I'm more hungry than confused, to be quite honest.Grones,136,Mayhaps she be a truly disturbed lass, afflicted by rot of the brain, not a "post-modifier"Grones,137,Me life at sea as a young cabin boy was torturous! But now I be the most feared pirate and used car salesman in the seven seas!Mitochondria,138,You didn't seem very hungry in these posts


Is there any way anyone can give you food to help you out?TheHorla,139,Nosa reason, me just needed sometten to sayen in disa amusen translatorGikkle,140,I don't have a post modifier, I think. I'm actually not really sure yet. We'll have to wait and see.Mitochondria,141,okay fair

i'm so sorryGrones,142,Mito smells afoul to me, alike a gutted fish left out to rot in the Sun. Only good to throw overboard! Mito ne'er defends a soul 'cept when he be a foul mutineer! He be seekin to put the cap'n in his trouser pockets! Hardy yar yar!TheHorla,143,It's okeedayMitochondria,144,hey i can be selfless HunterC98,145,oh? Do you have early automobiles? im a big fan of the older models...Gikkle,146,Well... There is ONE way... But you might not like it... You see, it involves human flesh...Grones,147,[unvote] [/unvote] 
Yar Marky! Is this be the way to unvote, to appease the god of the seas, "vote count bot"?Grones,148,Aye we carry anything a landlubber would desire in their dark, nasty, landlubber heartMitochondria,149,How much human flesh?Grones,150,The only powerhouse on this ship will be used combustion engines! Yar har!TheHorla,151,YesaHunterC98,152,oh good..ill have to come and do some perusing for anything of interest...Grones,153,Methinks Hunter be loyal to the cap'n. He be returnin to the high seas after years of being away, surely he be wary and lurking beneath the depths, if he were a mutineer! Timid, scouting the waters! But he be in the fray, fighting with his cutlass like the best of us!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,154,I didn’t even consider Pi’s posting to be a restriction, I just thought he was like that this game.

I may be stupid, lol.

But anyway, I don’t think restrictions are AI at all, I can’t see mito’s argument tbh.Gikkle,155,Well... The exact amount remains to be seen.Gikkle,156,I thought we were just doing this for fun, to be honest.TheHorla,157,Me'm finden disa so fun dat me think me'm goen to keep it tup.Grones,158,It be no restriction! I be struck down by the heavens with this curse, but I will become more power than you could possibly imagine!






Yar har, I drifted to the wrong franchise, for a moment there lads. The sun and years at sea be taking a toll on this cap'n's mind.Grones,159,Away with ye, ShylockVizier,160,What if I need a new ship?Grones,161,Take yerself to the shipyards then, ye scurvy dog! This cap'n sells only used cars!HunterC98,162,i be a little rusty with my sword, more akin to my pistols and muskets..10000 Jelly Doughnuts,163,Did my car’s warranty expire yet?Grones,164,O not yet, no lass! But ye must be here for yer car's extended warranty! For a mere 9000 gold pieces, yer vehicle be warranted and safe to ride the streets of Port Royal for years (two years) to come! Ah! To the plank with years! Fork over yer firstborn and yer car be warranted for a decade!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,165,Sorry, my firstborn has a contractual obligation already.HunterC98,166,ooooh, is that the new payment method?Grones,167,Damn that thieving Rumplestiltskin! That scurvy dog! Freshwater kleptomaniac! Stealing me customers!Red_Pandas,168,technically my role pm never said what alignment I am so I may be scumSkrimiche,169,explain owoSkrimiche,170,sussy
[VOTE]Red_Pandas[/VOTE]Grones,171,
Scarrrrred arrrre ya?MrEevee7,172,Sadly no
I dont think any one of those is actually a post modifier tbh except maybe pi
When u claim neutral:
[vote] panda [/vote]MrEevee7,173,If you can prove you arent neutral evil you can stay alive for nowCjBeats,174,IM ALIVE.
IM KICKIN. 
I AM HERE.

I get to play with Mito uwu, how exciting. And my boy arra, who I shall defend with my life.


mfw10000 Jelly Doughnuts,175,That’s concerning10000 Jelly Doughnuts,176,Sadge, CJ forgets about me and Pi.CjBeats,177,Fear not my good jelly, I have not forgotten thee. I simply never play with the boy arra so it brings me much joy and excitement. OHO AND THE HUNT IS HERE TOO WHAT A GLORIOUS DAY. THIS GAME SHALL BE A SPLENDID GAME OF CAMARADERIE AND BETRAYAL.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,178,You mean trolling at an advanced level?CjBeats,179,I do not understand what you mean by that my good Jelly.Vizier,180,
Mh. No like.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,181,Oh. You will 

Gut, based on nothing, read: Gikkle town.Red_Pandas,182,yeah
well im obviously not neutral, because im mafia.
yeah maybeSkrimiche,183,i thought you said you didn't know your alignmentRed_Pandas,184,yeah but I got the mafia chat so im good nowSkrimiche,185,oh okay sweetSkrimiche,186,hey now wait just a diddily darn second here

did it not say your alignment in the title of your pm??Red_Pandas,187,I mean who knows, I COULD be a secret hidden neutral in the mafia chatRed_Pandas,188,why
why would it
be in the title?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,189,Pandas obvious jester?Vizier,190,Jesters win if they die by vote...Right?Red_Pandas,191,tbh I kind of think this is some sort of scum slip 
I dont know exactly how that would work but im sure thats not how the pms workRed_Pandas,192,I agree10000 Jelly Doughnuts,193,Yes. And Machine's a fan of the original jester that kills everyone else when they die.Red_Pandas,194,that sounds really exciting tbh I think you guys should vote me10000 Jelly Doughnuts,195,Nah, we'll NK you instead 

Someone's a vig, right?Skrimiche,196,@10000 Jelly Doughnuts is your alignment in the title of your pm/file?

sure it is!Azmimel,197,I don’t think we should lynch pandas today, but we should just shoot him. 10000 Jelly Doughnuts,198,It's just labeled 'Game C' and has the role contained within. 

Although I notice a lot of spelling and grammar errors within the file, so I think machine was in a rush or something. Dunno. What's it like for everyone else?Skrimiche,199,inb4 he made them all different so people couldn't cheese the gameSkrimiche,200,oh i see
i meant the name of your role pm file, not the hypixel pmAzmimel,201,are you that nervous about a joke post? don’t like that :3
That’s a good point.

Skrim/Gikkle/Mark/Pi

do any of you actually have a post modifier or are you just joking?Azmimel,202,we all made the pms so that would be NAI anyway

also don’t feel like we should be doing this to solve the game : (Red_Pandas,203,I haven't checked my file
ohh that makes much more senseMrEevee7,204,You know town isnt called mafia this game right?
Didnt machine say there are no jesters?Azmimel,205,maybe his post modifier is that he has to lie all the time? can’t see how this would be a good jester play. It’s way too obvious; I think something else has to be going on here.MrEevee7,206,You requested machine for a normal role pm tho so you dont have a file10000 Jelly Doughnuts,207,Lmao probably.
TBH, that's a pretty scummy thing to say. I've not seen town non-ironically say that.
Machine said that *anything* could be on the rolelist afaik. I could have misread the rules, but I think he said earlier that anything goes.Skrimiche,208,why would i be nervous because of you  

re: post modifier - joke

what do you suggest instead then
cause i dont have anything elseGrones,209,Aye me heartie! I be a cap'n and a used car salesman! Yarrrr!Skrimiche,210,why are we assuming people have post modifiers and using that to determine alignments/roles .-.Grones,211,Yarrr ye be a rude wench, ye be speakin to Mel10000 Jelly Doughnuts,212,Even if Pi has a post restriction, he's having too much fun and I love it. Lock town for wholesomeness.Azmimel,213,Idk, you’re the one who asked me to explain reads made during RVS. Why ask me to explain these reads and not the other one I made after it?? 
there were enough people acting like they had post modifiers that I thought it was a possibility.

remember pi’s worldeater role?Azmimel,214,heyyy do you have a post modifier or nah?Grones,215,It be a fool's errand to affix our spyglasses on th'heavens-cursed speeches. It be the gods playing a jest on ourrrrrr lives! Next scurvy rat to say a worrrrrd gets to be a man overrboarrrd!HunterC98,216,am i a joke to you?HunterC98,217,Redeemed. All is forgiven.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,218,Everytime I read your signature, I want a burger. Dang you.Grones,219,Avast me hearties! The signature be needin an update!Azmimel,220,do you like our pfp?? i picked it out please compliment me Azmimel,221,can’t dislike posts yet : (Skrimiche,222,for anyone else who was wondering if this was actually true or not:
///////
ily mel but my point still stands xoxo

duh, because i only care about things regarding me. uwu

i think the odds of another post modified worldeater are too low to give significant thought to atmAzmimel,223,love u too 
You ask why I thought post modifiers could be indicative of alignment/role and that was my first thought. my point is that if they are real we shouldn’t brush them to the side.Grones,224,th'signaturrrre be amended forrrr th'high seas!Skrimiche,225,ehh
i still dont think theyre important (or at least not something to be focusing on for today). only one person (grones) could be argued to have one. what does that tell you?Grones,226,It be tellin ye I be th'cap'n and ye best be harkening to 'im lest ye wish t'be a wench strrrranded on BarbadosCjBeats,227,uWu panda-kun open wolfing, what a glorious day! This game will be as easy as taking a baby away from their candy!

[vote]Panda[/vote]Scythe,228,ayieh10000 Jelly Doughnuts,229,Oh?
Yes, I do! I really could go for some pasta right now, not going to lie
CJ using uWu unirionically is scaryMrEevee7,230,pandas is definitely scum, but if they are a jester we should probably be careful about lynching them. 
[unvote] [/unvote]MrEevee7,231,it gets worse when you realize
a. they dont have a file
b. they said they already read their role and it didnt say their alignment.Skrimiche,232,coward! [vote]red_pandas[/vote]Grones,233,I be thinkin this speech talk be a waste of ourrrrr voyageGrones,234,Ye ruffians be speakin of a jester
10000 Jelly Doughnuts,235,
^
Specific beats general, and if someone had something in their PM saying they differed from the rules, that takes the reigns.CjBeats,236,Doth thou fellows really think the machine would throw a jester in this here game? Nay, panda-kun is quite simply a wolf who scumsclipped. Tis the only logical explanation for his actions, say I.Gikkle,237,I claim jesterGrones,238,Gikkle be a fine tarrrrget t'send overrrrboarrrd methinks10000 Jelly Doughnuts,239,why the hell are you doing weeb shakespeare speak?Grones,240,This be the second Shakespeare rrrrreference on this ship! A coincidence?Azmimel,241,It was the first thing I noticed when I read up this morning, so that's why I asked a question about it. Red pandas being jester feels a little too easy for me. Why was he being so obviously scummy?? That's why I suggested an alternate theory: a post modifier. But it's just that, a theory.


I don't know what it tells us because I don't know that much yet. I was just curious as to why some people were acting like they had one. Could be important in the future though.Azmimel,242,pandas rating one of my posts funny feels like a punch to the gut tbhGikkle,243,the alignment is in the title right
tbh I missed that completely and just thought "village #" was something to just describe me, not my alignment. My actual role pm doesn't have my alignment so I didn't know I was town until I asked for my win con an hour later lol.

So maybe pandas is telling the truth and since there is no title machine can change in the pms sent by panda he just had a role pm with no alignmentRed_Pandas,244,I may be dumb, but I'm not stupid
no I really haven't, machine told me my role in the pm
I think machine had given me a file already when I asked for a normal pm
yeah that's true
ew CJ saying uwu instant scum [VOTE] Cjbeats [/VOTE]
scum jest?
how does not having a file make it worse
and I got my alignment now im pretty sure it was just an error that I foundRed_Pandas,245,I reaaaaaally want to do funny talk somehow but I cant think of anythingHunterC98,246,hmmm....i say we give the man what he wants, what do you all say?
[vote] Gikkle [/vote]Red_Pandas,247,I find it really funny that I've managed to get myself almost consensus scum read by doing random RVS jokes

no, I am not going to stop.Azmimel,248,are you seriously going to write this off as RVS? fmlGikkle,249,consensus? By like 4 people?Gikkle,250,It's still RVS in my heartAzmimel,251,;-; I'm so confused right nowCjBeats,252,Who knows why any of us do anything in this accursed world?

let us look at thee panda-kun. An experienced member of this here mafia party. Are we to truly believe the man is a dumbfounded idiot? He is not! Panda-kun is an intellectual who scumslipped as his pms are different than our own! Tis the only logical explanation for senpai’s actions!Red_Pandas,253,yes, I will
tbh though the jokes did kinda suck
yeah pretty muchCjBeats,254,Let me enlighten thee. RVS means random voting sycle. You are welcome!Gikkle,255,Town members can't win after dying
Thus town and mafia will be equally scared of getting lynched
Anyone who acts like they are okay with being lynched is a liarCjBeats,256,Hunter me pal! What is thine experience with the game of mafia as we play now?Red_Pandas,257,Im pretty sure mine is the same as everyone else's but coolCjBeats,258,Did ye not ask the machine senpai for a role pm different then our own?


and yet, you my dear Gik claimed jester! Hmmmm suspicious!Red_Pandas,259,yeah I dont actually have a file
just checked
I had one for game A but then I moved to game C
so my alignment technically wasn't anywhere in my PM before machine added itAzmimel,260,I get what you're saying, but I also don't understand why he wouldn't have just questioned machine privately until he understood his role. Why does he benefit from announcing that he has no alignment in his role pm?? What does that do for him?? 


if it was a joke it was a terrible one. 


Oh, CJ, you are a saucy boy!Red_Pandas,261,yeah kind of?
it was just asking for my role in the pm instead of in the file
technicallyyyyy it wasn't a joke 
but I did announce it ironicallyCjBeats,262,Perhaps the machine senpai made an Oopsie woodsie? Could it be!? Is our senpai incompetent??CjBeats,263,There was once a saying back in the day of mine from whence I was born! Comedy is subjective! Terrible jokes are still jokes my dearest Azimel!Grones,264,This be a revealing day, we thrrrow Gikkle orr Skrrrim overboard! Hunterrr, Panda, and Cj arrrrre loyal to the cap'n, forrrr cerrtain!Red_Pandas,265,im afraid soCjBeats,266,And did the machine senpai give you your request in the different role pm?Grones,267,[vote] gikkle [/vote]CjBeats,268,Alas, perhaps we should lynch him instead! Oh what a great sacrifice we must make for our panda-Kun!!Grones,269,Cj ye best stop discussin rrrrrole PMs lest ye appearrr as a conspirator mutineerrrr t'me, thrrrowin the discussion overrrboardCjBeats,270,Enlighten me my dearest cap’n-kun, what is the problem with mistress Skrimiche on this day?Grones,271,[vote]cj[/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,272,I. I.

I'm intimidated. I won't lie.CjBeats,273,My curiosity shan’t be quenched, not even by my dearest cap’n-kun.Grones,274,She be talkin amiss, and I be seeing a vile connection betwixt herrr and th'GikkleRed_Pandas,275,can confirm
yeah I think machine Lynch would be a good idea
yesCjBeats,276,Oh to switch so fast in the heart of thee! What a glorious mind you possess!Azmimel,277,
hmmmm ok10000 Jelly Doughnuts,278,




Pi's reversal of his opinions is well within his normal town meta, I think. Therefore, I will say that Pi is a high TR of mine, and would rather not want him lynched.CjBeats,279,Then chalk it up to nothing more than a miscommunication! Non-alignment indicative say I!

[unvote][/unvote]
It is settled!


my dearest jelly! I am playing most seriously in my heart!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,280,This is 1000000000% cursed.Azmimel,281,I don't like how quickly you accepted that. Where did your certainty go?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,282,


HunterC98,283,uhhh....lets see..last time i played was...what? 5'ish years ago?HunterC98,284,appreciate the vote of confidence cap!Grones,285,Jelly be using jests t'avoid exposing herrrrself as a vile mutineer?Azmimel,286,this feels like the complete opposite of how she was last game, so I'm kinda ok with it,Grones,287,Arghhhhh10000 Jelly Doughnuts,288,Nah, I just wanted to make memes. That's all. I would say that I'd stop doing them, but that would be a lie, because they're funny. 

[Vote]Cj/Vote]

Something pings me about him, he feels wishywashy.

ANd yea, pi's that way too, but he's usually that way as town.Grones,289,Panda be town, no throwin o'erboard, cap'n's orderrs10000 Jelly Doughnuts,290,I disagree with him being town, but agree with not lynching. Hopefully we have a TK that can handle the jester.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,291,because I don't see scum pandas or town pandas being this way tbh.HunterC98,292,i feel too scrambled to make a fair assumption here.

cap'n seems busy being the spitting image of a proper town seafarer.

gikkle seems to be pure chaos.

cj seems awful authoritative, though that could be chalked up with trying to make up for missing some talk time.

jelly seems to be alright so far, a pinch quiet but i dunno how she plays to make a concern of that.

azmimel is either staying very quiet and stoking flames or just unavailable most often.Azmimel,293,Maybe if you explain the connection between Gikkle and Skrim I'd explain my read :3


He's either village idiot or neutral imoGrones,294,Let's brrring out the rum and play a game below decks! All ye scalleywag excuses for sailors, bellow out the scummiest, most treacherous words ye can


The cap'n'll begin

I be so disappointed I be a loyal one this voyage, I be hopin t'be a treacherous mutineer, but the gods declarrre me loyal to me post, th'CAP'NRed_Pandas,295,I feel like I probably would be dumb enough to make these jokes as bothAzmimel,296,the only reason why I could imagine anyone saying this is because they want to be lynched.Azmimel,297,trying to chat with my hydra partner :3MrEevee7,298,hes still lying about not checking the file, as he claims he doesnt have a file later on
so you knew your alignment, so why did you say you didnt?
scum != mafia, it just is evil roles. so jester would be scum as it makes town lose in the case that it is lynched
because you said you didnt read your file, but if you dont have it thats just an obvious lie that you didnt read it.HunterC98,299,aaah...yes that is a thing, my bad.Red_Pandas,300,eh
that doesn't mean I'm lying though, if I dont have a file then I didnt read it?
so it's still true
my alignment was never in the PM before I made the joke about it
after that machine added it
technically I didn't
I dont think jester is even in the game since everyones win-con is to stay alive and defeat the other faction iirc
but that means it's true??
also I did think I had a file
my memory is bad and its not something I thought was importantCjBeats,301,Twas explained away by the panda-kun! My certainty was replaced by uncertainty before being uprisen by a new kind of certainty!
Then ye are but a bab who I shall protect henceforth!


Is coming to an understanding wishy washy my dearest jelly? It is not!MrEevee7,302,no one says "i didnt read my book!!!" if they dont have a book. you were clearly trying to make an excuse for "not knowing your alignment"
ah yes, what a great reason to be town. "my memory is bad"

guys i claim scum!!!!
wait no my memory is bad im actually town!!!Grones,303,9 times out o'10, when ye landlubbers be assured and confident ye caught a scumslip rrrrelatin' t'role PMs, ye be sorrrely mistaken. This be a useless arrrrrgument made by lazy landlubberrrsRed_Pandas,304,as said previously, at the time I thought I had a file 
I never tried to make it an argument that I was was town but sure
I was literally just stating that I had mis-remembered it
also me claiming that I was mafia is the most obvious joke in history10000 Jelly Doughnuts,305,Rum? Rum?

Honestly: scum doesn't usually tend to say that they wished they rolled scum. It's a town move in my experience. Or at least I think so. Pi just keeps on being more townie somehow.
No one read the rules closely enough and it shows.
This is 100% cursed why am I in this game, I should suffer in the nexus instead why why why why whyRed_Pandas,306,im dumb be patient with meSkrimiche,307,pg 13 atm
[vote]CjBeats[/vote]HunterC98,308,okay, lemme be the first to come to the question, do we lynch off of all the nonsense in an attempt to knock out a bad guy or let time pass and use abilities to try and find stuff out?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,309,In most games, town tries to lynch everyday due to the information gained from the flip and the potential mafia member dead.

Here it may be less advisable because a lynch on someone is an automatic 'you lose' thing, so I feel like people are more hesitant this time.DAREALMoneyMan,310,I do not like that you are attempting to brush off his actions via of setup speculationGikkle,311,[VOTE]No-Lynch[/VOTE]
When's the last time we had a d1 no lynch? :3HunterC98,312,soooo keep yapping till someone slips?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,313,Based!
[Vote]No-Lynch[/Vote]
Yep, you got it. Eventually someone will vote dumb, pressures build and then scum slipping happens!CjBeats,314,Oh Gikkle-Chan, you wild man! Perhaps once I would’ve joined you on your quest to lynch not a soul, but alas, I have come to realize the benefit of lynching a person day 1. To not do so would be an inservice to the game!HunterC98,315,aye aye cap-errr...jelly.Vizier,316,You seem...Rather. 

Dead-set on lynching.CjBeats,317,And you aren’t my dearest Arra?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,318,I'm waiting for the time CJ says 'you saucy boy' unironically. 

I think I woke up in the twilight zoneSkrimiche,319,what if they just dont care about losing :3

im down
[vote]Skrimiche[/vote]

gikkle is quaking in his bootsVizier,320,Not particularly. I really wouldn't want more company.Grones,321,Arrrgh! Based! 
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Grones,322,Land ho!Grones,323,Argh! I meant @CjBeats10000 Jelly Doughnuts,324,CJ is a farming instrument?Grones,325,He'll be farmin votes 'ere the tide changes10000 Jelly Doughnuts,326,Also: weird thought: what if dead players were still in the game somehow.

Seems very weird that Machine would just ban dead chat and giving the rolelist.

Maybe there could be revivers. Idk, just seems odd to me.HunterC98,327,That could be interesting, but then the question is, what extent of knowledge would they come back with?Grones,328,The dead souls be sent away from Davy Jones locker because all 3 worlds be connected, methinks.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,329,The same bit of when they were dead, I think.
most assuredly there’s a connection.HunterC98,330,Which makes sense of the snippet of not revealing roles.HunterC98,331,guess playing it safe would be the smart thing to do..
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Grones,332,If ye were bettin yer life on it, which of these ruffians would ye wager is a mutineer?HunterC98,333,if i was to wager my doubloons against a soul, i would say one of the quieter ones...likely mito. just don't have enough to go off of to make a safe assumption.Grones,334,Aye! Mito be a treacherous cabin boy, but for other reasons.

Speakin of quiet ruffians, lurkin under the sea,
@DAREALMoneyManHunterC98,335,i wanted to ask about him but wasnt sure if i just didnt know his name he used.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,336,Explain?TheHorla,337,I don't 100% understand the pandas situation, but I learned the hard way last game that most of the time, "scumslips" related to PMs and formatting are usually just people getting confused.

Let me see if I read this right:
- pandas got his role in a PM, not a file
- the text of the PMs doesn't contain a wincon
- since you can't edit the title of a PM, machine forgot to tell pandas his alignment
- pandas noticed this, made a joke out of it
- people didn't realize that pandas wouldn't have known his alignment from his file title, since he got his role as a PM
Explaining away behaviour as a post modifier is bad logic and scummy. If we want to argue that player such and such is "obviously scummy" because of a "post modifier", we might as well hang up our towels and go home here.
Eevee is way too confident here for my liking.
Disappointed in gikkle for speaking sense here and not using this prime reaction fish opportunity.Azmimel,338,yea, but I also don't like the fact that he's trying to write it off as an RVS joke. I wouldn't lynch him either way, but I certainly don't think he's towny.
Not attempting to brush his actions off. I'm trying to figure out on earth he would inform us (apparently as a joke) that he had no alignment in his role pm. It was just a theory . I personally don't see scum or town doing that in any situation.Azmimel,339,I think they are, specifically because of this quote from the rules for game C
Grones,340,Mito be a snake charmer, a silverrrr-tongued succubus


Across the 7 seas, I've always known this landlubber to be a rotten soul from the malbolge. He be a seducer, a liar, a flatterer, a two faced duplicitous freshwater politician!

His treacherous mutiny sails on
He be a sower of deceit, he sets our ship along the wrong course, subtly like the Majesty's snake charmer he be.Grones,341,What be the cabin boy's agenda?Skrimiche,342,[VOTE]MrEevee7[/VOTE]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,343,Mmm, I disagree, but there's probably no reason to be setup speculating
Okay other than being a dnd monster, what did Mito do?
Why?HunterC98,344,i shall kick back and watch this show unfold til i have anything interesting or thoughtful to add.Azmimel,345,oh sorry i should've been more specific on which part. I think dead players will still have an impact on the game. I have no clue about revivers.TheHorla,346,Am... I the cabin boy? Or eevee?Azmimel,347,this is the second time you've voted a person pi has put under some sort of pressure with no explanation.Grones,348,Review th'rest o'me post, illiterate wenchTheHorla,349,Where did pi pressure eevee?Grones,350,Eevee, that dogMitochondria,351,I agree with Mark's take on the Panda situation. Don't fully understand what their confusion was and honestly don't care enough about this discussion line to spend the brainpower figuring it out, but odds are more likely they got confused and communicated their confusion poorly rather than them being scum that we caught right away.

I'm also mindmelding with Mark on his Eevee take (shows up, tunnels Panda, then dips; I especially didn't like the post he made asking Panda to "prove he's not neutral evil," it's a weirdly specific thing to ask for), but I'm super uncomfy with Skrim's naked vote on him and the underlying feeling that thread consensus is quickly shifting against Eevee. Quick shifts in thread consensus generally indicate that the target's town.

I'm not sure if I dislike this post because a) I'm annoyed that we're already starting our discussion about how Mito not living in the thread = scum (in which case this post is NAI and I'm just being emotional) or b) it's scummy that I get specifically called out despite the majority of the game having done nothing thus far.

Pi's read on me is bad and he should feel bad, but I like his play so far.

Pi and Mark feel town, sans the post I called out above I've been liking Hunter, Skrim's kinda weirding me out so light scumread, I guess scumread on Eevee too but I don't think Skrim/Eevee is a scum pair.Grones,352,And where be th'first time?TheHorla,353,@Azmimel are either of you ABBA fans? (Based on your signature, just wondering)10000 Jelly Doughnuts,354,ah okay yea.
I did, you threw out spicy insults and then refused to elaborate more lolGrones,355,I'll hang ye from th'highest mast with yer own innardsMitochondria,356,I'll sink ye ship before I hangAzmimel,357,oops I mixed up you and grones. But the point should still stand. She's voted people that others have put under pressure with no explanation. 
Don't know about azmine, but I sure am.Grones,358,He be seekin a pocketed sailor, and he be veering us off course, distracting us like a Siren's cry!TheHorla,359,An hour ago I impulsively scumread him for it, but:
- good chance eevee is confused as well
- scumhunting is good, considering that it'd be easy for scum to sit back and chill right now
- I agree with mito that a shifting consensus that eevee is scum is in general indicative that eevee is town (particularly considering that he's often considered an easy lynch)Grones,360,


HunterC98,361,fair, i may not have said it well, the second half of the message was supposed to be me saying i am not fully capable to make a firm guess because i don't have anything to compare it against.CjBeats,362,You are doing amazing my dearest sweet huntie-Chan.

Let us move forward on our conversation from the mister panda-kun! It shan’t get us anywhere doddling on about it! When does this here fine day end?Grones,363,@CjBeatsHunterC98,364,Day 1 ends tomorrow at....7:45 PM i believe?Mitochondria,365,If Pi or Hunter flips scum, I think it's decently likely the other flips scum as well. They've been pretty buddy-buddy all game (meta is fairly useless, but as a point of comparison from playing scum with Pi before, I remember he's not big on bussing teammates) and I'm still weirded out by Hunter shading me without committing to a Mito scumread stance and then backpedalling a bit when I responded (builds support for Pi's read without him really sticking his neck out there).

@CjBeats-kun uwu, what do you think of things so far?CjBeats,366,Such a long day, oh me oh my! Thank you dearest cap’n-Chan. I shall love you long time.Grones,367,One of these cabin boys will walk the plank, ere the day is done! E'eryone else aboard this ship be safe!Grones,368,Yer a bold oneMitochondria,369,Being controversial is fun Grones,370,LiberrrrralsCjBeats,371,I think things are just downright fascinating in this here game! A glorious tale of whodunnit taking place upon our doorstep!
I know not the reasoning on why people are scumming the Eevee-weevee, so I could use an explanation, but beyond that there confusion I do so believe the cap’n-Chan is a good lad. Huntie-wuntie-kun is newish, so I shall protect him for now. I do so believe that talking about panda-kun as we have done so much is becoming nothing more than a waste of time. That moment has passed. I would like to hear more from my dearest arra! A delightful, beautiful, man!Grones,372,Aye?Mitochondria,373,Very wholesome post but oh so very safe! Gimme something spicy, what's your hottest take about the game right now?CjBeats,374,My dearest jelly is a sneaky, sniveling, conniving devil bent on seeing this dearest world of ours burn to the ground upon which we stand!Mitochondria,375,Now we're cooking, how come?HunterC98,376,i was asked who i thought could be scummy and answered off of what i had...which still aint much...Mitochondria,377,That's fair - and to be clear, I've generally liked your posts thus far - but the point still stands. Wishywashy reads are never a good look because they're commonly used by scum to set up mislynches and erode the town's trust in other townies without the scum player needing to commit to the read or lead the lynch (both of which look bad when the target flips town).10000 Jelly Doughnuts,378,[JOKEVOTE]JELLY[JOKEVOTE]

oh god, everyone's doing weeb shakespeare and pirate speak. Get me outta here


---
I can see a wolf eevee, but I'm hesistant because he's LHF and I feel like I could be misdirected.

It's very weird cash hasn't spoken at all, but I don't think that's AI.

CJ feels... off for some reason, maybe the restriction is throwing me off, but it feels like some serious misdirection in his posts.CjBeats,379,Despite being how one may say active, she is too concerned with how people say things instead of they say! No notable contributions have come forth from her blessed heart, and I find that odd for someone of her stature and expertise!CjBeats,380,Right as I say such words she comes with the spice, oh my! Misdirection in what way my dear friend?HunterC98,381,alrighty, ill be sure to keep that in mind.Grones,382,Indra moment 


(Argh)Grones,383,Cj vs Jelly be a fool's errand, akin t'searching for the fountain o'youthCjBeats,384,Then consider me a fool, cause this one errand that I just must run! My curious heart shan’t be quenched until I do!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,385,Let me go through your posts real quick and find what sort of bothered me. It's very possible it's not your fault and I'm in shock from the PR.CjBeats,386,I shall await patiently with pounding enthusiasm for your return!MrEevee7,387,idk about anyone else but it says right in my file what my alignment is, not just the title of it. so machine shouldve still told him his alignment regardless of whether or not it was in a normal pm. i assumed this meant he was neutral as normally neutral just comes with the roll and no statement of alignment
and then he started talking about his file, which seemed scummy to me as he shouldnt have one based on his request, and he also said he didnt read his file, which would be a pointless post to make if he had read his pm where his role should have been, so id assumed it was again, a lie.Azmimel,388,First post I could find related to his interactions with Pandas.





Eevee remembered that Pandas asked for his role in a PM instead of a file, and then fixates on Pandas saying he did not open his file where his role was because that shouldn't have been a possibility for Pandas. 

I feel like it's way too easy to scum read Eevee based on just his interactions with Pandas (which are the only significant ones he's had), especially since Pandas was creating confusion, which is not a townie thing to do.

Right now it's low-hanging fruit, and I'd like to see more from Eevee before I actually consider him to be a lynch target.

@MrEevee7 whatcha feeling right now?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,389,The hard part is that I do have issues with telling jokes and such over text. The post modifier is making it really difficult to tell if you're sincere or just playing it up. I try to keep it in mind, but you do seem to be trying to pocket people.
And then you make the argument that there was a scum slip despite not knowing anything about the format of the roles, especially because I can't really find an example PM anywhere that would justify the reason. Pandas was weird, but this is a confusing game.

Although saying you've never read your PM (pandas) is scummy, so that's agreeable
With Hunter
Hunter again, and then you were enlightened, but it reads to me like you thought this was a dead end thing.
Pi.

And well, you seem to have an odd relationship with Mito too, the 'spiciest takes' feels very forced to me.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,390,Spicy take: Neither Eevee nor Pandas should be in the lynch pool today.Azmimel,391,I'm okay with a no-lynch, but I want Skrim to explain why she voted CJ and Eevee.Grones,392,


Red_Pandas,393,setup spec good, this argument is not valid
that's pretty much right
I can get thinking pi has one but me being a bit confusing definitely =/= post mod
if anything its very normal for me to be confusing10000 Jelly Doughnuts,394,You know, when it feels like everyone's trying to pocket you, no one is. But there are like three people who did click agree on a lot of my posts recently.

EDIT: removed 'let me check' idk why I put that there.Azmimel,395,yeah, I got a little overeager thinking about post modifiers. 
I thought you didn't like CJ? Where are you on that?TheHorla,396,Why are you bringing up a no lynch so early?Azmimel,397,because three people have voted for a no-lynch so farAzmimel,398,just checked vote count, it's actually fourTheHorla,399,It just feels super weird to preface that question with that statementAzmimel,400,I mean if skrim doesn't explain her votes well then I won't be ok with a no-lynch.Vizier,401,
I swear I heard someone roll in their grave with that joke. Absolutely sickening.HunterC98,402,Sorry, that was me.Grones,403,
Grones,404,@TheHorla a used car for your thoughts?CjBeats,405,Me and mito-Chan’s relationship is one of resounding love, but that does not mean I would like to pocket. Alas, I know not the heart of Mito-Chan, so I cannot say anything about him! As for the other laddies you mentioned, I simple wish to protect huntie-wuntie on this first day as he has not played in many a moon. And is it wrong to love my cap’n-Chan for telling me when day ends? I think not! But that is the only reason I said such things, so i find it a stretch if you think that’s me trying to pocket the dear lad.

And one does know the format of a role pm, or at the very least one should! After all, we all received one from the machine senpai!TheHorla,406,Null on everyone except gikkle (light town for speaking up for panda) and lean scum on skrimiche for voting eevee.HunterC98,407,to be fair, a lot of what eevee has to say is either voting or straight calling folks out, not that i agree against him but it is something to keep aware of.Skrimiche,408,
i have my reasons, and if i dont make them public then that is also for a reason. :s

i dont think he is?

gimme a bit

scary ;-;Grones,409,Eevee be a mighty sailor, no LHF 
He be no mutineer, ne'erthelessGrones,410,Who ye be wagering be the mutineer, then?DAREALMoneyMan,411,Alas I am binging Ted lasso, I will probably be done with the season by the end of the day so I’ll do things then (TM)Skrimiche,412,also i voted cj because he had stinky energy but i dont feel like pushing him rnRed_Pandas,413,relatableAzmimel,414,Other head popping in! It's cause (you're his scum buddy) : )Skrimiche,415,prove it busterTheHorla,416,Maybe skrim and azmimel?TheHorla,417,To expand on this a bit: azmimel made some really poor attacks on panda (the whole pm speculation bit was bad, thinking that he had a post modifier that made him always lie was scummy, reading him as jester was scummy, not considering that he may have been a bit confused (and that he was telling the truth that he didn't know his alignment at the beginning) was scummy.)

Skrim naked voted eevee after I attacked them is scum-indicative, and mel immediately criticizing them (and afterwards weakly pressuring skrim) feels a bit more like scum distancing than actual scumhunting.Azmimel,418,Pandas came out and said that he did not have an alignment in his role pm, and then later claimed mafia. He did not claim that he was joking until later. That was confusing to me. I saw absolutely no reasoning for town or scum to have made that move, so I assumed he was a neutral who wanted to die. I don’t think that’s scummy.

I never speculated above role pms. In fact, I was very against it. I did speculate a bit about post modifiers, and yeah, I’ll admit I fixated on it a bit too much, but I was trying to figure out why on earth he would’ve decided to share all of this information with us instead of dming machine and figuring it out, which is what I would’ve done, and post modifiers were on my mind because of the earlier discussion. Was it a poor decision to setup speculate so early on? Probably. Is it alignment indicative? Probably not.

I don’t know why you think my argument against skrim has been weak. I haven’t voted her, that’s true, but I didn’t want to vote anyone until I discussed it with my partner.

this is the only post I made about role pms.MrEevee7,419,Idk tbh but i feel like some of the ppl on my wagon are scummy
Why? That's just straight up an anti town line of thought.Skrimiche,420,anti town? like an anti hero? sickSkrimiche,421,+ no it isnt

machine if by some miracle youre reading this i hate you for the no edit ruleRed_Pandas,422,I can see that, kind ofRed_Pandas,423,its been in mafia games like foreverSkrimiche,424,

Spoiler: cj stink pg 13









Skrimiche,425,yeah but normally i can edit in my afterthoughts when i post
now i have to double post and it's annoying for people trying to catch up TheHorla,426,There's a whole bunch to unpack here:
- if someone claims mafia, it's obviously a joke
- jokes are a thing, and don't necessarily imply that someone wants to die.
- I think it's scummy to read into his behaviour this much
- Making assumptions about the veracity of panda's claim that machine forgot to state his alignment is inherently PM speculation
- Re: why panda shared the info: when I read his posts, I found it funny that machine forgot to give him his alignment; that you didn't consider (or pretended to not consider) that he shared it because mod errors are funny is scummy.
- I didn't say that the post modifier speculation was scummy because it's setup speculation (but good point there, I guess that's one more reason to scumread you!). Your comment was scummy because trying to explain player behaviour by post-speculation ("they are lying/acting off because of mod instructions") is not a townie line of reasoning.
- Your argument against skrim is so far weak because I find it unpursuasive.Rorschach,427,*unpersuasiveGrones,428,Jokes aint always jokes arghhhSkrimiche,429,FIGHT ME YOU COWARDRorschach,430,Sure.
Skrim has been modkilled.

I win.

Skrim has been reinstated into the game.MrEevee7,431,How is it notTheHorla,432,What are you saying here?Azmimel,433,





1) From my point of view, we were out of RVS/the banter stage. Pandas said he thought it would be exciting if people voted him. That implies he wants to die.
2) He didn’t clear up that it was a joke until 30-45 minutes after, and during that time he was a major topic of discussion. The majority of players on at the time believed him to be a jester. He didn’t clear it up immediately even though he was online, which I found weird.
3) You’re telling me it’s suspicious to analyze a player I found scummy at the time? 


My argument was not about PM speculation because I was questioning why he shared the information with us. I was confused because I would’ve asked machine instead of sharing it with the rest of the players in the game. Because of this, I thought it might be a ploy to make himself seem suspicious and therefore get voted.





Proof that I never once speculated about what was actually in his PM, just that I wondered why he actually did it.


Once again, I didn’t understand why Pandas was sharing the information with us. So I tried to figure out why. Two things came into my mind. Jester, which was a common answer among the online players, and a post modifier. I thought of a post modifier because of what I’d been thinking about before with you, grones, skrim, and Gikkle.


My argument against Skrim is her votes with absolutely nothing to back them up. I made that point before you did, you just dedicated an entire post to it. Do you not find your own argument persuasive enough?Skrimiche,434,im sure youve had times where you didnt want to spell things out for a greater purposeGrones,435,Nothin 
Yar har harGrones,436,[vote] cash [/vote]Gikkle,437,I'm 2% closer to ending the world
better kill me before thenTheHorla,438,Not yet, actually! It's pretty weak right now. My argument is that you're making the same (weak) argument as I am, but to distance yourself from her.
*shrugs* Regardless of how you define the end of RVS, I did not take their posts seriously. I think you are taking some posts that were not meant to be taken seriously far too seriously, and tied yourself up in knots trying to explain them via post modifiers.
I think the majority of players that were on at the time were wrong about that. 
Yes, depending on what you're analyzing? See the comment above about taking things seriously.
Just trying to understand something here. Did you think he was telling the truth that machine forgot to give his alignment, or not?
I understand that! The facts here are clear. But I think your conclusion was wrong, and I find it suspicious that you came to the conclusion that it was a post modifier.MrEevee7,439,sure, but seeing as it is impossible to have mech info atm, i dont see how it could be that.
and not explaining reads, unless youre just being lazy, doesnt help town at all and makes you look like you dont have any actual reasons for them10000 Jelly Doughnuts,440,Except speculating on pms is useless especially for Req because he does make changes and edits to the template all the time.

Heck, he didn't even put a period in my pm, is that scum indicative?

Also Skrim, give your reasons, let's not play this gameSkrimiche,441,booooo

touché

Cj - I quoted the posts that pinged me earlier while I was reading up. I didn't feel like pushing him (I confess to being lazy!), and I switched off to Eevee soon after because that's a vote I have reasons for doing aside from gut.

Eevee - First, I thought Pandas scumslipped about his alignment not being in his pm. This was because i asked Machine earlier if the "village" in the title of my google doc was my alignment (because it wasnt in the contents of the doc), and he confirmed it. But then I thought about it some more, and realized it was more likely that it was just a goof & not an actual scumslip. Eevee pointing out the contradiction with Panda's PM (being on the hypixel forums and not a google doc) seemed townie to me, but his subsequent hounding of Panda afterwards didn't. You can argue that the attempt at gamesolving is townie, but to me, it looked more like scum going after low-hanging fruit.

anyways im dipping to pet some cats and my dog grandson, ciao o/Skrimiche,442,also the reason why i didnt elaborate on the eevee vote was because i wanted to see how he'd react to it & whether or not he'd continue to push pandasAzmimel,443,Are you trying to trick me into actual pm speculating? Either way, it doesn't change my argument. I found him suspicious because he volunteered the information, not because he claimed machine forgot to give him his alignment.

Oh, so you're not as confident as you seem. 
you're right, it probably wasn't meant to be taken seriously. However, that's how I took it at the time, and since I want to defend myself I am attempting to explain my thought process. 
My conclusion wasn’t that he had a post modifier, my conclusion was that something else was going on here. Post modifier was just an example of something else that could’ve been going on. 
HunterC98,444,where was this mindset back when i horsed around with bold talk and ended up getting myself lynched on just talking around?Grones,445,We be halfway to nightfall, best we line up some choice ruffians to walk the plank! 

I wanna see 
Mito
SkrimGrones,446,Gikkle 


Send them all to the plank!Vizier,447,What flavor stinky? Skunk, onion, rotten food?CjBeats,448,
What happened to me oh cap’n my cap’n? doth thou not know your own heart? What a spicy lad you are oh cap’n-Chan to change up so quickly! 

Mistress Skrimiche-kun, I saw thine post about my stinkiness, but alas I do not understand what pinged you about those? Will you enlighten my darling heart?

And to my dearest jelly, I have seen your point! Oh what a wonderful mind you possess!CjBeats,449,MY LOVELY ARRA OH TO SEE THINE FACE FILLS MY HEART WITH SUCH JOY!!

Tell me, my dearest Arra, doth thou have any thoughts?Scythe,450,"Shall I compare thee to a summer day?"
"You're both hot."Vizier,451,
Nothing really rattles around in this dead head of mine, but I figure I can dig something up to support an idea I have.CjBeats,452,Oh superb! I shall await your return with bated breath!Vizier,453,There's. Not a cupid/lovers role in this setup. Right?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,454,Days I wish I had a vig shotVizier,455,



Edit: Posted meme twice.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,456,You are exceptionally wishy-washy.

[Vote]CJ[/Vote]CjBeats,457,You no longer need one, for this comment is already a knife to the heart! Oh what a cruel, black, wicked, twisted, nasty heart you must possess to say such rudeness to one such as me!CjBeats,458,A man merely knows when to change his mind when faced with arguments that make sense! My mind is not fixed, it is open to one’s voices!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,459,Mmmmmhmmm
You're really wishy washy, not changing your mind with good arguments. It's more that anytime anyone puts any push back on your opinions, you drop back. You've done it like 4 times.Vizier,460,

TheHorla,461,I explicitly stated earlier that my scumread of skrim was pretty weak, so my "confidence" is really just a strawman.
No, you're getting paranoid. You assumed that pandas posting "I don't have an alignment" makes him scummy or a jester - what logically follows is that you assumed he was lying about not having an alignment. If you thought he was telling the truth, his statement is obviously NAI, since he made it before he had an alignment!TheHorla,462,There is literally figuratively nothing to use to form a mito read right now.TheHorla,463,Final thought: Grones is funny as heck, but most of his posts substantively add up to "I want to lynch mito and skrim" or "Thoughts?"Grones,464,A used car for your thots?Grones,465,Lies and deception, mutiny! He be a conspirator, I quoted the ruffian.Mitochondria,466,Pi, do you have an argument against me which doesn’t boil down to “oh he TRs me which means he’s scum trying to pocket me”? I’d hope yes if I’m one of your top lynch targets today Red_Pandas,467,I ran out of reactions, expect no communication from me for exactly 24 hoursMitochondria,468,Maybe this post? Idk, I guess I’m biased but I genuinely fail to see how any of this is scummy. First quote was RVS, second was genuine curiosity and trying to spark discussion, third was my read at the time and an attempt to get some non-RVS discussion going. Fourth is setup spec and thus bad, but ehRed_Pandas,469,the rule hasn't changed at all
probably..
we don't know for sureRed_Pandas,470,yeah tbh no ai in thereGrones,471,Yarrr! I be quoting yer crimes! Ye set us off-course with yer insinuation that post mods be alignment indicative/one o'them be scum! Subtle, but powerful derailing! Typical mutineering!MrEevee7,472,Why mito?
This does seem like a bit of an overreaction thoughRed_Pandas,473,trying to find out why you're scum read is not overreactingGrones,474,Arghh! I be explainin meself o'er and o'er!Grones,475,Jelly be sailing under our radar, methinks.Grones,476,[vote] Gikkle [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,477,
"Slipping under radar"
votes gikkle.

also smh at not reading any of my arguments with CJRed_Pandas,478,I really don't get the thread title tbhGrones,479,With respect, ye olde cap'n closes his eyes and scrolls past e'ery word Cj posts10000 Jelly Doughnuts,480,Oh okay, understandable why you missed it and scum read me. Have a nice day.Grones,481,SR ye? Ne'er said that! Don't ye be puttin words in me mouth like some kind o' freshwater tv show hostMrEevee7,482,No, it's not. But he could have awaited groness response instead of writing an essay. I just found it a bit odd is all.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,483,But you do so...Grones,484,Should I? 


Arghhh!Grones,485,But that were me reasoning! He be askin for me reasoning, and found it! This be a weird position to take, Eevee. I'll have ye swabbing decks for a week for this!Skrimiche,486,good news: the cats like me
bad news: im allergic to catsSkrimiche,487,onions are divine you take that back

sure, gimme a min

ahaha yeah ive never done that as town myself ahahaha
ahaha
aha10000 Jelly Doughnuts,488,Yes. Go on!MrEevee7,489,Well since he clearly wasn't satisfied with the reasoning id expect him to not say anything about it then attack you if thats all you said it was in case there were more reasoningGrones,490,So ye admit to being a scalleywag?!Grones,491,Why would he say nothing? Is he a mute? A dumb landlubber? No, he be a tricksy siren, speech be his gift.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,492,Yes

(I shouldn't have to do the joke here but I will)MrEevee7,493,So that he makes sure he doesn't attack you needlessly..? It's what i would do at leastGrones,494,Why would he be wary o'attacking me "needlessly"? He be scared o' me?Grones,495,This be no laughing matter!Skrimiche,496,On second thought, I agree with Cj on this? Whoops. Not sure why I thought it felt wrong. Might've been the "subjective" bit triggering a primal response in me.

The only thing he questioned from that list (Azmimel scumreading me/Gikkle + townreading Hunter/Panda/Cj) was the scumread on me, which is strange. I'm not sure why he would pick to exclusively focus on me there.

(Context: Grones offers me & Gikkle as lynch candidates, then votes Gikkle, then 2 posts after voting Gikkle tells Cj to stop discussing role PMs because it's derailing the thread*, then 2 posts after that votes Cj.
*@Grones did I get that right? Just wanna make sure I'm understanding the pirate lingo. :3)

I was going to say: "Cj shouldn't be calling out others for being wishy-washy when he's been doing it himself", but when I looked back at the actual posts I had in mind from him, I actually think the progression might be natural? He basically went through the same "Panda scumslipped" --> "Panda/Machine just goofed up" thought process as me, although he stayed at Stage #1 of that longer than I did.


Spoiler: Cj posts












@Gikkle what do you make of this^? My confidence is shattered and my night is ruined. :<Skrimiche,497,@ the cj debacle: im gonna sleep on it
and by sleep on it i mean im gonna forget about it until i remember that im playing in this game tomorrow and check the thread
o/Grones,498,Man, I have no idea, I, myself, lose half the meaning while typing up these posts

ARrghh I mean, ye be right on the trrrrreasure lass!HunterC98,499,isee that we have made a lovely circle of conversation....right where we started 'n such...10000 Jelly Doughnuts,500,You missed how he said I was scummy and then I gave a single response and he decided that was okay.

Hmmm. I don’t have an opinion on mark right now and that concerns me.Red_Pandas,501,very relatableTheHorla,502,I don't actually believe this, fyiTheHorla,503,Day 1 Votecount:
(2) nolynch: Gikkle, HunterC98
(2) cjbeats: 10000 Jelly Doughnuts, Red_Pandas
(2) gikkle: Azmimel, Grones
(1) mreevee7: Skrimiche
(1) chucklenuts: DAREALMoneyMan
(1) mitochondria: Mitochondria
(1) thehorla: Vizier
(3) Not voting: TheHorla, MrEevee7, CjBeats

You can view this votecount and all previous votecounts in the #votecounts channel in Discord.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,504,You can not believe it. I am saying this because as of this moment, it's true.

I'll go through your posts and see what I think after that.MrEevee7,505,[vote] gikkle [/vote]
@GikkleGrones,506,Argh! Well I don't be believing yer disbelief!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,507,

Spoiler: Mark's posts






PREGAME ^
---






























I think these are all of mark's post, did it by hand though so possible I missed one. Going to do a little step by step and assign arbitrary points to each post. These points add up to a fake final score that is entirely real and will determine my read.

Which will come in the next post so I can actually click on the quotes and read them as I'm drafting my response.
---

EDIT: hopefully fixed spoilers
EDIT 2: hopefully fixed spoilers?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,508,The first quarter of the day was rather weak until Mark enters in with his Pandas post, providing evidence to a joke gone awry. Nothing about the post is outstanding towny or scummy wise, although at the time it may have looked as a controversial opinion because of how everyone seemed to be whipped up into a frenzy about Pandas 'scum slip'
+1 Town Points

Asks about Pi pressuring eevee, which is incredibly NAI.

Goes back on his eevee read and admits it's impulsive, agreeing with mito. This I think marks the real end of the Eevee Pandas debate, although people would later also enforce their opinions on it.+1 Town points for admitting fault.

Dislikes a no-lynch, especially honing in on Azimel when at the time there were 4 people actually on the no-lynch train, asking none of them! I'm hesitant to call it tunneling, because it's not quite as aggressive as that, but in a couple posts down still thinks scum team could consist of Azimel, focusing on several things like Azimel considering Pandas to be jester. However, in the thread there were a fair amount of people considering jester as an option, why did Mark latch onto Azimel's posts about that and call it scummy? I feel as if there is some minor tunneling or busing here. +1 Scum points.

(Although looking at skrim's posts, they are rather weak in general, not providing reasoning until after someone calls her out on it bugs me as disinterested at the least and scummy at the most. Either way, NOT GOOD)

Mark continues to attack Azimel for things that other people did as well. +1 scum points. (Half the game was PM/setup speculating. Off the top of my head, Skrim and I did.)

Azimel sets up strawman; the argument continues. I'm now more leaning towards T/S or even T/T. I doubt S/S would use such terrible pushes to bus, and both Azimel and Mark would be fairly coordinated and careful on a bus if this were the case.

Final post is IIoA, heistant to assign scum or town intent to it, but I would argue that seems fairly out of character for him.

Final Score: 2 town points, 2 scum. An Azimel flip would be extremely helpful for resolving Mark; I think. If Az flips scum, Mark's a god-tier townie, because I don't see bussing in this scenario. If Az flips town, I'd hit mark with an investigative or a lynch.

Anyway, my thoughts on Mark. Minor ones on other people that have slipped under my radar.

---
Vizier (Arra): The vibes he gives off seem like someone rusty at mafia, not new. He has played in a couple minis here, but not ones that would justify his knowledge and apparent paranoia about lovers/cupid. I am extremely hesitant to say 'coaching' because that A: make me look like a jerk, and B: has bitten me on the butt of course. It's possible he researched and gained knowledge, and I think that my initial paranoia of 'COACHING?!!?!1!' is unfounded. Slight TR.

Hunter: TR. I have no idea how much Hunter has played before, but I'll assume he's new. He seems townie overwhelmed with learning the game. I think scum would provide more guidance in scum chat if he had rolled wolf. Of course, if Hunter does flip wolf, I think we can assume that wolves are inactive. 

Pi: Pi's town. I just feel it. Gut reasoning is of course bad, but he's acting like he does as town. 

Eevee: I think Eevee is a slight town lean for me, his confusion earlier with Pandas feels genuine. Also I don't think scum eevee naked votes like town does.HunterC98,509,If its anything worth mentioning, I was also aware of a Lovers style of role by Youtube....so that is a full possibilities.Gikkle,510,I'm not sure why you're tagging me specifically when I haven't really interacted with Cj but whatever

Also not sure if you are asking what I think of what you're saying about him or Cj in general

Your analysis is weird
One of your posts is like, why not just ask him why he picked the SR on you out of the others to question. Why make this statement without first asking Cj? Unless you did and I missed it...

I'm not too sure what the point of this analysis is if your conclusion is just "he might be town". Did you have some kind of big SR on him or something and this was supposed to be what made you turn around on that? I don't quite understand why you'd do an analysis on someone and just come up with "his progression MIGHT be natural", unless you strongly SRed them, but I don't see a reason why you would this early. 

Is this supposed to be some kind of test? I genuinely don't understand why you would make this post and not come up with a better conclusion than this.

My opinion on Cj? Idk, I haven't bothered trying to read him. Only people I've formed reads on are Mark(TR), Mito(LTR), Pandas(TR), and Eevee(LSR). Maybe someone else I've forgotten about, idk.Gikkle,511,How come you can't delete post drafts anymore :/Skrimiche,512,i did? p sure i only did it for like 2 posts before realizing it was a dead end

what other info would an azmimel flip give?

because i love you

i
...
hey @CjBeats why did you pick out the SR on me out of the others to question

i thought i had a (lightish?) scumread on him but then i lost confidence in it when i went to look at the posts that pinged me

gosh gikkle dont make me spell it out
it's 'cause im baaad ( ༎ຶ ۝ ༎ຶ )Red_Pandas,513,feeling good, might make 1 singular readGikkle,514,w.shoot Skrimiche
Mmm
Alright
What's your current read on Cj now then? Null? Light TR?
Sorry Red_Pandas,515,what do this meanGikkle,516,Information instead of analysisRed_Pandas,517,well I managed to read an entire ISO without forming any opinions at all
10000 Jelly Doughnuts,518,Information on Pandas. If Azimel flips scum, I'd say its safe to assume Pandas isn't scum.
That happens sometimes :/Skrimiche,519,if 1 is town and 10 is scum, then he's at about a 6Grones,520,Who ye ruffians be lynching?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,521,I'd be fine with a CJ or Azimel lynch for reasons stated somewhere in the thread.

Or you for the memes.HunterC98,522,about 6 hours till the notalynch happens, if someone is intent on going in the gallows, time is a running out..Gikkle,523,I think I'm top wagon rn
idek whyTheHorla,524,Why does gikkle have votes lolHunterC98,525,Oh? Welp, guess the gallows will be claiming a soul.....less folks wise up.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,526,Agreed, looks like some of them are for no reason lolRed_Pandas,527,[unvote][/unvote]TheHorla,528,Really don't understand the case against gikkle (literally none of his posts have registered with me.) Reading back, but until then [vote]No lynch[/vote]HunterC98,529,all i have on Gikkle so far is some very brazen remarks that honestly read as trying to bluff about an assigned role, and as much as i actually wanna vote for him..it just doesnt seem worth lynching in my eyes..Skrimiche,530,not me? ;O

also what
people are voting gikkle?HunterC98,531,A handful are, but right now looks like No lynch is winning.Grones,532,Yarrr! no lynching be a funny!

[vote] no lynch [/vote]TheHorla,533,You going to explain why you were originally on the gikkle wagon and are now switching off?TheHorla,534,Day 1 Votecount:
(4) nolynch: Gikkle, Grones, TheHorla, HunterC98
(1) cjbeats: 10000 Jelly Doughnuts
(2) gikkle: Azmimel, MrEevee7
(1) mreevee7: Skrimiche
(1) chucklenuts: DAREALMoneyMan
(1) mitochondria: Mitochondria
(1) thehorla: Vizier
(2) Not voting: Red_Pandas, CjBeats
The next votecount will be processed in 0.5 hours. You can view this votecount and all previous votecounts in the #votecounts channel in Discord.Grones,535,Methinks he be conspirators along the vile Skrimiche. Their RVS be more rotton than a landlubber's body left at sea.Grones,536,I be opposed to sendin ol' sailor Azimel down ye plankGrones,537,Both o' these 'ere sailors be experienced voyagers. They be from Port Chucklefish. 

Methinks yer Arra read be mighty suspiciousitious, on me grandmother's warts! Ye say ye be disregardin yer paranoia and yer seasickness, an' then ye reckon 'im a loyal sailor. If ye aint factorin in no coaching, none o'that, then what have ye to base yer read o'him? Ye mention but nothin else!TheHorla,538,Expand on this please?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,539,Why?
Yea but if someone starts playing mafia again after a break, it takes them a bit to get in the groove of things.
Also arra’s posted like 15 times, most of them being memes, calm a bit down in asking for a surefire read. I saw one post that was weird and then discounted it when I was being unreasonable.MrEevee7,540,[unvote] [/unvote]MrEevee7,541,Why are we no lynching..?Grones,542,Then why ye be readin 'im as a loyal sailor, instead o' null?Grones,543,erybody be voting Skrimiche off the plank early, an' Gikkle be mighty strange when he be doing it.


These posts be soundin' the bells o' enemy fire, methinks.

Voyagin on, he be letting out mysterious words

An' with no explanation o'er th'horizon

He be a dangerous pirate, methinksAzmimel,544,Reading up right now. One of us should be on for EoD.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,545,I said slight town read. Like so slight it nearly doesn’t matter.Grones,546,Hmmmmmm
Arrrrrrr ye suuurrrre 'bout that? Ye clearrrrly considered it important enough t'include in yer listAzmimel,547,[unvote][/unvote]

I didn't vote at all yesterday, so I'm almost certain that the Gikkle vote is from RVS.



I logged on a couple of minutes after he posted claiming mafia. I think the above is my first post of the day.I guessed this was a ploy by him to get voted, and that sharing the information about his PM was another way to make himself suspicious. It didn't matter to my argument that was he said was the truth or not, what mattered is that he decided to share it with us.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,548,I literally said above it: people who have been slipping under my radar. Smh illiterate pirate.Grones,549,Hmrrrrrr
Arghhhh
I be keepin me good eye on ye, tricksy sea dogRorschach,550,Guys remember to submit your flavors for game B, EOD is coming up and so is the deadline for that. Please submit it in your game B folder excel if possible, that automates things and makes the turnaround a lot quicker.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,551,Oh. Yea I should do that.DAREALMoneyMan,552,Just read and up and things. Not going to bother to give reads on people I didn't pay attention to. Even though I have done it in the past, I am disappointed people aren't following up on stuff they think is scummy just because jester is possible in this game. You guys are better than me!

Azmimel thingy



Spoiler: Full ISO




























































Spoiler: Notable Posts




Reported for bad takes. You are trying to rationalize his scummy behavior via "oh maybe post modifier!" 
I'd like to mention that I didn't find what Panda said about his pm not including his faction was scummy! If it was true, I feel like the other scum mates would notice, given the team follows the typical 1:4 ratio, they were missing someone. Back on topic, if you say he was being so scummy (even if obvious), why are you attempting to find an excuse for him (oh, he is probably Jester, or has a post modifier). Just because it is possible in the game does not mean you value it over dayplay. ALSO, a post modifier making you act scummy is stupid and I don't see Machine adding it. You could then chalk off all scummy behaviors to the modifier.
Because it was a joke? He was making light of the situtation?
Take note for later (referring to Panda).
It is always RVS for Panda (but I agree we shouldn't pass things off just because they say "oH it was RVS!"). You say here that you don't think he is towny, and referring to above post you said he was either village idiot or neutral. Thus, you think he is neutral in your own words. If you really thought he was neutral, why aren't you trying to see what type of neutral he is or voting him!
Town points here.

I have done this along with many other people in many other games. It is an obvious joke I:
NAI!! I don't think admitting that you made a boo boo is alignment indicative.
Refer to the post above x2
Well I don't think he really needed to say it was a joke considering it was obvious.
Too lazy to see what you are responding to here :/
Already said why this is stupid!



[vote]Azmimel[/vote]

I am also suspicious of Cj and Panda but I have other things to do. Like Bike. And Eat. And SleepDAREALMoneyMan,553,Also Mark you should give me the ISO bot!TheHorla,554,I am too tired to keep arguing here but this is another strawman. I am saying that if panda did not know his alignment, then him posting "I don't have an alignment" is obviously NAI. If you think he is lying for some reason, that is a different argument (and closer to the one you made.) When reading pandas, it matters what you thought his PM read; that is why I said you were speculating about his PM.Rorschach,555,Ryast has the ISO bot, not Mark.TheHorla,556,Ryast posted a link in #announcementsSkrimiche,557,why me owo
your post elaborating on this only had gikkle quotes

do you think azmimel & pandas are on the same scumteam or different scum alignmentsGrones,558,Gikkle be voting ye, then he be opposed t'me voting ye. It be worrying, like an ill tide.MrEevee7,559,Is there a reason were no lynching..?HunterC98,560,cause most everyone who was willing to lynch has either no voted or unvoted.Grones,561,Nightfall be in 10 minutesGrones,562,Arrrr! I be wrrrrrong! 50 minutes!Red_Pandas,563,[vote] no-lynch [/vote]
why notGrones,564,[vote] panda [/vote] 
I be a wacky pirateSkrimiche,565,bruh you made me panicHunterC98,566,I made myself panic..i thought i missed it.Skrimiche,567,[vote]no-lynch[/vote]Mitochondria,568,Refuse to vote for a D1 no lynch on principle so uh

[vote] Skrim [/vote]Mitochondria,569,Actually nah, I think Skrim's fine

[vote] Gikkle [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,570,Why Gikkle?Gikkle,571,i'm a good boi
I just like human flesh, nothing wrong with thatMitochondria,572,Bad gut feel, didn't do much of anything today, no other targets I feel strongly about right now.Mitochondria,573,Actually that's a lie, my pet theory is that Pi's scum but y'all ain't ready for that discussion yetDAREALMoneyMan,574,SameDAREALMoneyMan,575,Wait- why are we no lynching? Meh.Grones,576,I'lla turn'a you into'a pasta lasagna mama miaHunterC98,577,captain....who is this italian dude?TheHorla,578,Oh I'm ready for that discussion!


Re: today's lynch, fine with no lynch since the gikkle wagon is really weak and I'm not confident in anyone else (even azmimel) to eliminate.Rorschach,579,Esther is wheeled into the large room by a rather tall butler fellow, his tailcoats hovering so as not to touch the floor, and he carefully unfolds a little table and places it in the center of the room.

"You really chose not to lynch anyone?" Esther says distastefully, her eyes narrowing, eyelids you never knew were there stretching to do so. "You are all fools. You have one minute to kill someone. Or else." She says, as the butler places a large shotgun on the table. 

The first player to reply to this post with [SHOOT] @Player [/SHOOT] will take the gun and kill the player they tag.Grones,580,Who arrrrrre ye an' what ye done to th'real MarkTheHorla,581,Ever since gikkle and I got stats on our D1 lynch record, I've come around pretty hard in favour of D1 no-lynching when we have zero clue what to do. We used to NL all the time (and had a decent track record back then) - we should revive the practice!Grones,582,ARGHHH NOBODY TAKE TH'GUNGrones,583,IF ANY O' YE USE TH'GUN I BE HUNTIN' FOR YE TILL THE END O' ME DAYSRorschach,584,"Well? I'm waiting. If you do not do it, I will kill three of you where you stand." Esther says tersely.Gikkle,585,[SHOOT]@Rorschach[/SHOOT]TheHorla,586,Yeah, anyone who uses this gun without discussion gets lynched today.Grones,587,AAAAAAAAAADAREALMoneyMan,588,Can we kill Azmel Grones,589,AAAAAAAAAARRRDAREALMoneyMan,590,WE NEED TO CHOOSE SOMEONE OR 3 MORE DIE - I DON'T WANT TO DIEETheHorla,591,Everyone, relax. 

If machine wants us to lynch someone, then we'll do it. Do not shoot.Gikkle,592,kinda wanna shoot skrim... Not for any good reason, I've just always wanted to do it in a proper mafia game instead of a wolfia game...DAREALMoneyMan,593,but what if I shot scum :>Rorschach,594,There is no Rorschach in the game.Grones,595,How about I shoot ye, ye scalleywagGikkle,596,what happens if I shoot myselfDAREALMoneyMan,597,guys there is 1 minute until eod so we dont have time to change the wagon from no lynchGrones,598,RIP 3 people arrrrrghDAREALMoneyMan,599,I rather that then 3 random people dyingGikkle,600,[SHOOT]@Gikkle[/SHOOT]

LETS GOOORorschach,601,You lose the game if you shoot yourself.

EOD was 15 minute ago. Welcome to twilight.Grones,602,NOOOOOOOO ARGHHHGikkle,603,Great!Rorschach,604,Action not submitted properly.Grones,605,[shoot]@Mitochondria[/shoot]
GIKKLE WHY ARGHHHDAREALMoneyMan,606,WHY10000 Jelly Doughnuts,607,oh shoot, no pun intended.Gikkle,608,[SHOOT] @Gikkle [/SHOOT]DAREALMoneyMan,609,watch as mito is scum though lmaoGrones,610,I BE SO CONFUSED HELP MEEEEEGrones,611,NO 
ARGHHH STOP WHYYYYGikkle,612,You didn't do it correctly either, you fool!

SEE Y'ALL IN THE AFTERLIFE

IT'S BETTER THAN SLOWLY WALKING FOR ETERNITY TOWARDS MY ROOMDAREALMoneyMan,613,why has my post count in twilight been triple than that of dayGrones,614,[SHOOT] @Mitochondria [/SHOOT]

Arghhh! TAKE MINE NOT GIKKLE I BE THE CAP'NTheHorla,615,...Grones,616,MITO BE SCUM YARR HARR HARRGrones,617,Arghhh I be blamin' Gikkle 
He be an agent o' chaos, a bombardier10000 Jelly Doughnuts,618,What the heck was that?1Grones,619,GIKKLE BE TOWN IF HE BE SHOOTIN' 'IMSELF 

I BE SAVIN A LOYAL SAILOR ABOARD THIS VESSEL10000 Jelly Doughnuts,620,I meant with mito, but honestly thanks for the explanation for town gikkle too?TheHorla,621,gikkle is town right lol

like

there's no wayRorschach,622,
Gikkle and Grones rush for the gun, however, Grones is just a bit faster, pulling the gun out and aiming it at @Mitochondria.

The gun explodes in his face, and @Grones topples to the ground.






"That's better." Esther says. "Perhaps this will teach the rest of you to be more decisive." She says, gesturing as the butler wheels her out of the room, picking up the gun from the corpse of Grones as they pass.

Day 1 has ended.Gikkle,623,I have a thick shell skull, I can take it!Grones,624,If Gikkle be shootin' 'imself, he be violatin' the CODE! He be breakin 'is wincon, so the 'eavens be strikin 'im down in MODKILL

but he be shootin' 'imself

a negative times a negative be a positive YARRRRR 

HE LIVES!
@Rorschach LET 'IM LIVEGikkle,625,c'mon man!TheHorla,626,jfcGrones,627,????
GIKKLE BE FIRST YARRRRAzmimel,628,EXCUSE ME 

wtfGrones,629,@Rorschach Gikkle actually shot and formatted correctly before me, though.Gikkle,630,I am canonically the slowest person in this game. I will probably not make it to my room until September/October.DAREALMoneyMan,631,no role flip?Gikkle,632,^ this

I shot myself fair and square! Let it happen!Grones,633,day is over no more discussion!!!!Rorschach,634,Night has started. No further game discussion is allowed. I did not make any errors.Rorschach,635,Forgot to add the song to the Start of Night Post.
Updated.Grones,636,@Rorschach title btwRorschach,637,As you all begin to enter the main dining area for breakfast, you recognize an old, surprisingly not dead face. @Grones was fortunate, and the gunshot blast was not fatal. On the other hand... @MrEevee7 will not be joining you. Not only are both of his left legs missing, but he is in fact, dead. The poor centaur.

The stench of death is strong. There's a raven sitting on the tables. Dead. A nametag on it indicates that its name was "Clive."
A note from Esther sits with it. "Don't disappoint me today. Or I will make sure you are disappointed in yourselves."



Spoiler: MrEevee7 Flip



Virgil the Centaur, the Village Lie Detecting Oracular Vigilante



I hope you enjoy your breakfast as the sun rises...

Day will end at 4:30 PM EST on Sunday, August 8th, with a Twilight of 1.5 hours.Skrimiche,638,uh ohhhhRed_Pandas,639,that seems that it would be powerfulGikkle,640,I've totally forgotten basically everything that happened in this game

Who did we suspect again? Mito?Azmine,641,Pi, did anything happen while you were "dead"Azmimel,642,you’re on the wrong accountAzmimel,643,Wow that's crazyHunterC98,644,Oh captain my captain, are you still alive?TheHorla,645,How does Oracular work?Red_Pandas,646,by miracle, probably caused by him being coolRorschach,647,Ask question, receive answer.TheHorla,648,Was the scope of the questions limited in any way?Rorschach,649,
HunterC98,650,Answer it NOBALLSGikkle,651,Isoing myself to jog my memory as to what has happened


Spoiler: my posts












































Gikkle,652,Mark/Pandas/Grones I guess are my TRs for today? Idk I'm going with my past self

I also apparently TRed Mito but idk whyGikkle,653,ISOing Eevee for nk analysis purposes


Spoiler: Eevee ISO






























Gikkle,654,Eevee's main contribution was pushing Pandas
Some shade thrown on Mito at some point too but nothing significantGikkle,655,[VOTE]Pandas[/VOTE]

carrying on my boy eevee's legacy!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,656,The pandas argument isn't really strong at all. I wouldn't think mafia would go and try to frame Pandas by killing eevee when the read was mediocre.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,657,I'm honestly confused about the NK in general. Eevee is usually lynchbait, not a NK. What is mafia doing?Gikkle,658,Doesn't your second sentence support the pandas argument
They aren't gonna be trying to frame him, so the only real reason to kill Eevee is to silence him if pandas is scumGikkle,659,In what game was eevee killed n1 because mafia was purposefully doing weird kills
Can anyone remind meMitochondria,660,I'm gonna be honest, I forgot everything that was happening in this game

Big wtf to Pi for trying to kill me when I wasn't on at the very end of the last day phase, not a fan of that play at all. Personal feelings about getting merc'd aside, it was super impulsive and, imo, big scum energy to make a move like that.Grones,661,I lived *****Grones,662,Yarrr ye be scumGrones,663,No yarrrrrGrones,664,It was be to save Gikkle and 3 townies yarrrr

Ye be scumAzmimel,665,Any thoughts beyond thatGrones,666,The mutineers be cowards n killed a sailor who ne'er voted a soul. We be hardp'essed t'read this 'ere kill.Grones,667,He be scum
I be a soulreadin cap'nTheHorla,668,I am backAzmimel,669,I mean you soulread jelly last game so I'm almost inclined to believe you.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,670,Ah. Yea. Whoops. Sorry. Yea. That's what I mean.Rorschach,671,Hi back, I'm dad.Red_Pandas,672,Ngl I would probably be the mafia member that would be the most sacrifice-able
I don't think mafia would want to keep ,me alone so much they kill eevee just for having a slight scum read on me
if I had a powerful role maybe
but I dont think that would be the entire reason the kill happenedAzmimel,673,This post reeks of town idkGrones,674,Mafia most likely be lookin at votes
Eevee be a no-voter
they be killin 'imTheHorla,675,Sorry just quoting this post as a test10000 Jelly Doughnuts,676,What do you mean?Azmimel,677,Why would they want to kill a novoter?Grones,678,Mafia be wishin' t'lay low. They be murderin' sailors who 'ave no strong reads. Eevee ended day on no vote, yarrr!Grones,679,This be no hypothetical. Look'er at the vote counts, ye scalleywag. Eevee be never votin.Azmimel,680,Yes, but what's your pointCjBeats,681,Did not most of the lads and ladies within this establishment either not vote or vote for a no-lynch? I do not think voting is the right way to look at this.Grones,682,-_-
Ye be intentionally obtuse, yarrrrAzmimel,683,Probably, it's kinda lateGrones,684,The laws o' this ship, the Game C, be dictatin' that any sailor that be killed, be a loser. If ye wish to win this 'ere voyage, ye live. The wincons be different, and we be no-lynchin'.Red_Pandas,685,why?Red_Pandas,686,I didn't post yesterday when I first read stuff but Gikkle's vote on me purely off of continuing Eevee's legacy
it just doesn't seem like something a town would actually doRed_Pandas,687,I like azmimels posts tbhRed_Pandas,688,It feels like Eevee was pretty controversial yesterday and slightly scum read so I'm confused on why scum decided to kill EeveeRed_Pandas,689,sorry for the quintuple post O_O

I kiiiind of don't like Skrim's posts, but not enough to feel like it deserves a scumread
I think I need some others thoughts for this read
what do y'all think of Skrim?Grones,690,Ye be right, we be sendin her off the plank10000 Jelly Doughnuts,691,What’s up with Skrim?Grones,692,/shrug
YarrCjBeats,693,/shrug?Red_Pandas,694,I was thinking something a bit more specific but I guess that worksGrones,695,I be messin' with Pandas
He may be a mutineer, methinks 
"Skrimiche should die maybe? Thoughts?" 
Be the mutineer words.Red_Pandas,696,that is an extreme misinterpretation of my words, captain.Grones,697,A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P 
a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p 


yarr!Grones,698,YarrrRed_Pandas,699,yeah but then that makes it confusing to quoteGikkle,700,who da heck tripped over me last nightGikkle,701,@Red_Pandas what are your reads?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,702,Was that you lol?CjBeats,703,What doth thou mean trip?Skrimiche,704,you forgot why you scumread me, didnt youGikkle,705,was it you, Jelly?!! Very rude!CjBeats,706,Pwease Gikkle wikkle, expwain to wittle ole me.Gikkle,707,someone tripped over me CjBeats,708,I do not understand.Gikkle,709,you don't need to.CjBeats,710,HmmGrones,711,Yarrrr, I be questionin' the importance o' this voyage 

I propose a nolynch again! Yarrr!
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Gikkle,712,can't believe mafia chose eevee to lose first
they must hate eevee personally, since he wasn't even that big of a voice
wow mafia, so rude10000 Jelly Doughnuts,713,Look, I didn't mean to.Gikkle,714,I also got a pillow last night, thanks to whoever gave that to me. much comfy.Red_Pandas,715,any apparent consequences or effects?
Almost no reads tbh, but so far Pi TR and Azmimel slight tr
Pi we have to get flip info at SOME point
Agreed
any effects?Azmimel,716,Not a single sr?Red_Pandas,717,Nope, not one!Red_Pandas,718,Money has barely posted and the only post he seemed to put effort into is just weak arguments against already weak-ish points
it's not like bad-bad so I'm not sure if it is enough to make me feel like a possible S!Money or not
but it is thereRed_Pandas,719,this isn't responding to Azmimel's question, this is cause I JUST looked at Money's postsGikkle,720,who we killinTheHorla,721,[vote]Grones[/vote]

Still very loopy right now, but my reasoning right now is something like this:
- voting no lynch on D1 is an actually sound idea, but voting no lynch on D2 is bad
- him picking up the gun and shooting mito was actually really scummy
- gonna say that still being alive after being blown up is kinda scummy, despite his (feigned?) surprise todayTheHorla,722,The flip side of this argument, though, is that shooting another player is a better play than shooting yourself. Obviously what gikkle did was super townie, but he had a 100% chance of killing town; from town-pi's perspective, he had a 1/4 chance of hitting scum, which is better odds than gikkle's play.

The other tinfoil theory is that gikkle is scum, knew the thing was harmless, and shot himself for town points, but that strikes me as super unlikely.

Still overall, decent scumread on grones for now; I'll keep my vote here for now.Red_Pandas,723,I have no ideaRed_Pandas,724,The forced killing at EoD had almost no hints beforehand possibly revealing it, Mafia would almost never know whether it was real/fake unless Esther (or whoever the person was, I think thats who) is working with the mafia.
I feel like Gikkle self-shot would be extremely risky of a play from scum so that makes me feel like it was a town move.
I would have to check back but if Pi had an SR on Mito it can make sense from a town PoV
however from what I remember, and saw from reading back for reads, Mito wasn't his strongest SR at least from appearance, as compared to people like Skrim and Gikkle (iirc)

Decent point though overall, I didn't do much speculating on pi's shots so this could be a very possible thing
This also makes sense
also I keep forgetting that pi got blown up by itharass,725,never knew a new mafia game was going on
/backupTheHorla,726,I mean, I don't want to speculate too much since there's just a chance the thing was harmless for anyone. But it's a big ??? why he's still here

I also have some thoughts about his actual reads but I really need sleep, I'll post them asap tomorrow; hopefully we can get decent discussion in the last 12ish hours or so and get a decent lynchTheHorla,727,Oh yeah I forgot lol

Grones is voting no lynch even after what happened yesterday

Machine sent a clear message that no lynches -> bad, and grones is basically going "yeah let's touch that hot poker again yarrrr"Grones,728,I be forgivin Mark's votes o' me since he be dyin' and recoverin', from his landlubber vaccine.Grones,729,Also, Mito be scum.CjBeats,730,Then why not vote him instead of a no lynch?Red_Pandas,731,[VOTE] Grones [/VOTE] igGrones,732,Pandas and Mito be scum, methinks

Panda be a timid scum, he be saying this





He never be taking strong stances aboard his vessel. He be test th'waters, lookin' through a glass t'see if fellow mutineers be with 'im. 

Mito/Panda/Someone else 
Mutineerers! 

[vote] Panda [/vote]Red_Pandas,733,I never have strong stances on anything in mafia
this isnt a new thingGrones,734,Maybe so, but ye be testin' th'water to mislynch POOR SKRIMICHE YARRRRRRed_Pandas,735,"I kiiiind of don't like Skrim's posts, but not enough to feel like it deserves a scumread"
as in
"I don't have a Skrim SR because their posts aren't quite bad enough"
also don't you have a Skrim SR?Grones,736,No, I be spurrin ye on t'see what ye do
I be naked votin Skrimiche, and ye went "ok cool". That be tellin' me ye perfectly good with her bein' thrown o'erboard. If ye didn't SR her, why ye be sayin:
Hmmm? 
Yerrrrrr a scum one! Mr Grinch!Red_Pandas,737,I was trying to say "maybe elaborate on why"
worded in a passive-aggressive kind of wayGikkle,738,Why are y'all voting Grones10000 Jelly Doughnuts,739,Money's busy rn.

Pandas reads are a bit sheepish imo, I could see a scum pandas. Placeholder vote, so I don’t get punished if I didn’t vote.

Sorry, busy today. Might be on before EOD but I don’t see it. 

[Vote]Pandas[/Vote]TheHorla,740,I actually agree on the pandas read but why is Mito scum lolGrones,741,Gut and this post
YarrrrTheHorla,742,I'm a bit more sane now fyi

It's kinda suspicious that jelly is parroting pi's vote JUST as I vote grones, which I did not expect

So I see sorta two possible scum teams: pandas/azmine or jelly/piTheHorla,743,That post is fine? I would scumread you if you shot me. And Mito has barely done anything so no idea how you can have a gut read on them in any direction.Grones,744,One death wasn't enough for these mutineer traitors yarrrGrones,745,T H E G U T 

Y A R RRed_Pandas,746,Mark made some posts about it
who am I sheeping with my votes though?
that post is fine?
gut is not enough hereRed_Pandas,747,with my reads*Red_Pandas,748,im pretty sure all my reads are original except the Pi read which ofc is because of markTheHorla,749,Yeah pandas is wheeling votes iirc, he's just being super underconfidentGikkle,750,Oh wait people only lose the game when they are lynched? Not when nked I guess according to the wording of the ruleTheHorla,751,Should read "isn't sheeping"Gikkle,752,Spring has sprung?Azmimel,753,S-Skrim is scum?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,754,Okay on lunch (not lynch, phone) break. Let me explain my pandas read, because I didn’t even see pi’s post really in depth.

Pandas feels noncommittal in any of his reads, which isn’t AI in itself, but then he asks about Cash. Cash, who is out of the game entirely rn, has been immune to lynches and what not afaik, and tries to get suspicion on him. That’s something pretty hard to miss, and I feel like pandas is trying to make a distraction somehow. Therefore scum.

Pi’s scummy too imo, but I have that weird feeling he could be jester and hope someone would be kind enough to kill him.Azmimel,755,oh we’re doing this again, are we?Azmimel,756,From machine on the discord

"
@Player i am making the executive decision to extend day 24 hours due to some housekeeping issues I need to deal with potentially preventing me from having internet during day end.

Day will now end at 4:45 on Monday, with a twilight of 1.5 hours. 

Game B will start 15 minutes after twilight ends in games A&C.
"Mitochondria,757,[vote] Pi [/vote]

Barring a dramatic new development, my vote's probably not moving. Mark kinda stole my thunder, but here are the main reason's Pi's probably scum:
-Again, the gun play was terrible. I'm biased, yeah, but I've never been in a situation where someone's been killed right at EoD when they can't defend themselves by town. Huge town points for Gikkle for his response; Gikkle, if you're scum then congrats, you pocketted me.

-Voting for someone immediately after Mark called him out for no lynching is a bad look imo. I also think it's odd he went for Pandas instead of me (and the no lynch instead of me yesterday) considering half his posts are about he soulreads me as scum. Why is he shading me (and trying to daykill me lol) instead of getting a wagon going?

-As I said yesterday, Pi's D1 play was blegh. I can go back through the posts and find examples of all these things if anyone really wants, but I remember disliking how much he was/is controlling the thread and discussion (shooting down discussion topics he didn't like, e.g. some CJ/Jelly (?) argument from yesterday, trying to railroad my death at EoD yesterday, etc.). My pet theory is that the pirate modifier's faked so he can seem more entertaining (thus more townie) and get away with having leaps in logic by blaming misinterpretations of his post on the modifier.

Unrelated question but @Gikkle was your human flesh problem resolved last night?Grones,758,Machine be threatenin t'kill 3 people. Gikkle conftown. You? Probably scum. Yarrrr it be the best play aboard the vessel


Gettin' ye lynched be a fool's errand. easier t'get yer fellow mutineer.



Idk what this be meanin' so I be ignorin' it.

I be willin' t'hop off th'plank, but absolutely kill Mito and Panda after I flip Town yarrrr harrrGrones,759,This lynch o'me be very strrrrange. Scum motivated, obviously. Mito and Panda be needin' t'die, ye landlubbers'll see. Yarrrrrr

Last scum (if there) be unknown t'me.Grones,760,NoGrones,761,My role be verrrrrrry scummy so I be not claimin even if I be fixin' t'die. If I die, I die. I won't be winnin even if town be winnin' but I be biased, anywhoo, so do be sendin Mito and Panda off th'boat when I be gone.

Rid me o'this cursed post modifier
[vote] Panda [/vote]Red_Pandas,762,When did I ask about cash
the person I actually asked about was Skrim, Cash is just the one who I have the least of a read on out of the players I've looked at.
I actually have been forgetting that Cash is immune to stuff, but I don't even want to Lynch them so that shouldn't even matter right now
Don't use the extremely slim possibility of a jester to avoid a Lynch on them
If you could explain why he's more scummy then you that would be great
If you think there are 2 scum you know of it shouldn't matter much who you decide to kill
this doesn't make sense from town
What is this
Bad
ScummyRed_Pandas,763,Anyone else find it extremely weird that Gikkle is just now theorizing about this, instead of on day 1?

(also just noticed @Rorschach thread title is incorrect I think)Grones,764,I don't really wanna reply to this bc none of the things you said mean anything
I feel like youre purposefully misunderstanding my posts or just asking questions to appear like you're open to changing your mind, when you really just want a mislynch.

Anyways, imma dip for rest of day because I don't really understand what game C is even for? And with Mark and Mito trying to get me lynched, I'm probably dead anyways, which ofc means I lose the game and idc about town winning if I lose, cuz im a wacky selfish biatch. Anywhoo, kill Panda and Mito afterwards.

Yarrrr!Rorschach,765,When they die.Rorschach,766,Shhhhh nooooo its perfect definitely says Day 2Gikkle,767,The fact you find it weird is weird because I just went back to look at the rules and that's why I'm talking about it lolGikkle,768,I still have a craving for human flesh, but I wouldn't call it a problem.Skrimiche,769,grones town
won't be on for most of today (or this week in general tbh) but let it be known!Skrimiche,770,grones town bc he's not acting like he does as scum (from what i remember, anyways; dont rly use/pay attention to meta personally)Red_Pandas,771,You're dodging everything I said in the post, by saying I'm misunderstanding your posts. (If we're both misunderstanding each other this much that would be bad but I don't see exactly how I'm misunderstanding what you're saying.)
If you really think I'm misunderstanding your posts in a way that's harmful to the town right now, you should be correcting what you said or what I misunderstood about it. If I'm getting everything wrong I really would like to know that.
Also referring to me voting someone I SR as "wanting a mislynch" is very scummy to say imo
I can't even explain how bad this sounds
Hm, must be me then.
I just feel like half-way through D2 is a weird time to be looking back at the rules
This doesn't make sense to meTheHorla,772,Reading upRorschach,1,[No mods this is not a duplicate it makes sense if you play the game. I'm sorry that my initial setup looks like spam. We'll be using all three threads. They're not the same.]






The rain falls steadily, the castle rising up.

The carriage we follow in this wet muck sprays up mud every few yards or so, drenching any passerby more than they were before. The rickety shaft of the undercarriage creaks and groans, before the vehicle eventually comes to a stop, the horses pulling it whinnying in annoyance.

Yet another dark carriage in the line tonight, outside the front gate. Some of their inhabitants were invited and came readily...others...not so much.
Thrown in like sacks of potatoes. Today the thunder does not rush across the landscape. For this is a sad day. This is a day someone dies.

This is Mafia.

Please read the following information carefully. Many rules are not the same, and the setup is atypical from what you are familiar with. Do not sign up until you have read how to sign up.



Spoiler: What is Mafia?



Mafia is all about lies and charisma, or at least synthesized charisma. The game typically follows a cycle of discussion whereupon a player is voted out of the game, followed by a cycle where silence reigns, and players may submit their actions which could include such types of things as protection, killing, or investigation.

The game is normally composed of 2 main factions, an uninformed majority, traditionally referred to as "town" or "village," and an informed minority known as "mafia" or "wolves." The wolves' goal is to equal or outnumber the townies, while the town's goal is to eliminate all wolves.

Sometimes there are additional alignments, such as additional mafia factions, or third party roles which can win with any side, or with nobody else.






Spoiler: The General Rules



These rules do not follow a priority system. They are considered sacred, and will not take precedence over one another. These rules may be pre-empted by more game-specific rules, but unless you are explicitly told otherwise either in an official DM by me, or by a specific rule governing a thread posted by me, these rules are hard and fast.

Obey all rules associated with the forum.
Do not discuss the game outside of this thread or host-approved DMs.
Play towards you or your alignments win condition.
Do not post anything in the thread after you die. Memes are fine, as long as they are not game related in any way.
Do not post game related stuff during the cycle at which actions are traditionally resolved. (This is normally referred to as a "night" phase.)
Do not post anything I send you in a DM in any way. This includes copy-pasting, screenshotting or capturing images in any other way. I will give you explicit permission if you are allowed to share something. Otherwise, assume you are not.
Paraphrasing things is fine.
You may not delete your posts, nor edit the post such that the content of the post's meaning is changed. This means only fix grammatical or spelling mistakes if you are editing your posts.
This game will be run across three threads. You will only need to keep track of 2, and only one of those two will have discussion at a time. (Traditionally referred to as a "day" phase.)
As a moderator, I am not bound to always tell the truth. I will avoid lying where possible, but to keep the integrity of the setup, it may necessitate explicitly lying about certain functionalities until they have been triggered.
Nights will be action phases, while days will be discussion phases.
Alignments in other threads are not indicative of alignments in this thread, and vice-versa.
I will not respond to in thread tags.
I will not answer questions in thread.
I will not read questions in thread.
I will respond to my oldest DMed question first. So if you spitfire, sorry it's just I gotta handle the load in one order or another.
You may not discuss a different game in a different thread. (No discussing Game A in Game B's thread.)
This includes Game A/C Combos. Even if you're not playing in both, you may not discuss the one you're not in in your host thread.

I could lie and say that flavor isn't alignment indicative, but that would be a lie. Flavor could be alignment indicative. Or role indicative. Or both.
Duplicates are possible. Even flavor duplicates.

Vote ties are not necessarily handled the same way cycle to cycle or game to game. If not specified at the start of a cycle, assume that it is whoever was at the higher number of votes the longest.
If Player A has 8 votes and Player B has 7 votes, then someone votes player B, player A is still lynched.
If instead someone unvotes player A, player A is still lynched.

No roles are banned from play. This includes OG Jester which kills everyone when it wins.
The bot is doing vote counts. (Thanks Mark.)
Due to the nature of the setup, hydras are discouraged but not outlawed.
THERE IS NOT DEAD CHAT. 
THERE IS NO SPECTATOR'S CHAT.
YOU DO NOT RECEIVE THE ROLE LIST UPON DEATH. 
YOU MAY NOT DISCUSS THE GAME UPON DEATH.




The following three spoilers will discuss specific rules that are different between the three concurrent games. Signing up for game A or game C will also sign you up for game B.


Spoiler: Rules: Game A



As with the previous rules section, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game A's thread specifically.

The capacity of players in this thread must be at a maximum, one less than the capacity of players in Game C. For preference, this game will have two less players than Game C. It runs most optimally with 9 or more players.
Being lynched in this game means you lose the game. Winners get to live to tell about it. Losers do not.
The game follows a traditional layout of Day Discussion and Night Actions. Cycles will last approximately 48 hours each (Night=48hrs, Day=48hrs), but will be updated at the start of each cycle to clarify as needed.
The order of operations for this game is hidden. As such, you will not receive it if asking.
The "town," or uninformed majority faction will be referred to as the mafia. The informed minority will be referred to under any of the following names: "werewolf," "sleeper agent," "wolf,"or "machine why is this so unnecessarily confusing"






Spoiler: Rules: Game B



As with the previous rules sections, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game B's thread specifically.

The capacity of players in this thread is at a minimum the summation of the number of players in Games A & C.
Atypical of traditional mafia games, the discussion phase will be referred to as "Night" while the action phase will be referred to as "Day." Cycles will last 48 hours each. (Day will be 48 hours, Night will be 48 hours)
This game will start on "Day 1," meaning it will start on an action phase.
No roles will be handed out for this game until the end of Day 1's cycle. Roles will be assigned as follows:
During Day 1, you will choose a player in the game, and a flavor for them. A role will be assigned based upon that flavor.
Flavors should be something you would borrow or rent from a library or archive. This could include any of the following types of items:
Books
Movies
Music
Journalism
Photography
Or others...

You may not choose yourself as the player to receive the flavor.
You may not coordinate to ensure that everyone receives a flavor. Some books are not yet written...
If a player receives multiple flavors, they may experience any of the following:
Be given the option to select one.
Automatically redirect the flavor onto someone else.
Receive all flavors as their flavor.








Spoiler: Rules: Game C



As with the previous rules sections, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game C's thread specifically.

The capacity of players for this thread is at a minimum, one more than those in Game A. It works best, however, with 11 or more players.
If you are lynched in this game, you are considered to have lost. Winners get to eat cake, and the dead do not eat...or do they?
The game follows a traditional layout of Day Discussion and Night Actions. Cycles will last approximately 48 hours each (Night=48hrs, Day=48hrs), but will be updated at the start of each cycle to clarify as needed.
The rules for this game are subject to update. At the start of each day or night, any updates will be shared in that start post.






Spoiler: Links to Games A, B, & C



Game A
Game B
Game C





Spoiler: Important Mod Posts



PreGame: Flavor Announcements
Day 1 Start
Day 1 End
Night 1 Start
Day 2 Start



Game C:


Spoiler: Living Players



@Gikkle
@10000 Jelly Doughnuts
@Azmimel
@Grones
@Skrimiche
@Red_Pandas
@DAREALMoneyMan
@Mitochondria
@TheHorla
@HunterC98
@CjBeats
@Vizier





Spoiler: Dead Players



@MrEevee7 (Night 1)





Spoiler: Backups



@Venusaur
@Illwei





Spoiler: Spectators



Thaum is the only person allowed to spectate.





Spoiler: Previous Games



Game I
Game II - Minecraft Edition
Game III - Minecraft Mobs
Game IV - Blitz Mafia
Game V - Food Mafia
Game VI - Music Mafia
Game VII - Super Smash Bros
Game VIII - Pokemon
Game IX - Terraria Edition
Game X - Mega Walls
Game XI - Video Game Music Mafia
Game XII - Yu-Gi-Oh
Game XIII - Time Travel Mafia
Game XIV - Night of the Living Goo’s
Game XV - The Library
Game XVI - Kits and Classes U-Pick
Game XVII - Star Wars
Game XVIII - Greater Idea Mafia
Game XIX - Comic Book Edition
Game XX - Chaos Rising
Game XXI - Final Fantasy: ExDeath’s Summon
Game XXII - Hypixel Mafia Players Mafia
Game XXIII - Night of the Living Goos: Part 2
Game XXIV - Pokemon Edition
Game XXVI - Murder in the Northlands
Game XXVII - Video Games
Game XXVIII - Desolate
Game XXIX - Amusement Park Mafia
Game XXX - Restaurant Mafia
Game XXXI - Night of the Living Goo’s Part 3
Game XXXII - Mark’s Hydra Hell
Game XXXIII - Alliance Mafia
Game XXXIV - Ancient Rome Mafia
Game XXXV - Space Mafia
Game XXXVI - Summer Vacation
Game XXXVII - Dawn of War (DnD)
Game XXV - Hypixel Mafia Players Mafia 2
Game XXXVIII - Applying to College
Mini-Mafia 3: Logical Fallacies Edition
Game XXXIX - Evolution Mafia
Game XL - Don’t Starve Mafia
Game XLI - Historical Figures U-Pick
Game XLII - The Suffering Game
Game XLIII - Minecraft Mafia
Mini-mafia 4: King Edition
Mini-mafia 5: Chess Edition
Mini-mafia 6: Meme Mafia 1
Game XLIV - Finale
Game XLV - Year Long Mafia
Mini-mafia 7: Ryast’s Mini
Mini-mafia 8: Jojo’s Bizarre Mafia
Mini-mafia 9: Persona 5
Mini-mafia 10: Kirby’s Mafia Adventure
Mini-mafia 11: Meme Mafia 2
Mini-mafia 12: Playing Cards
Mini-mafia 13: Profound Mafia
Game XLVI - DEFCON Mafia
Game XLVII - A Forgotten Temple
Game XLVIII - Halloween in January
Game XLIX - Mafia Hotel
Game L - A Test of Faith
Game LI - Evolution Mafia 2
Mini-mafia 14: Operating Room
Mini-mafia 15: Diffusion of Power
Mini-mafia 16: Simulation Mafia
Game LII: Conspiracy Mafia
Game LIII: The Legend of Zelda Mafia


TheHorla,2,What's Carpe Jugulum?Rorschach,3,Seize the throat.Azmine,4,HypeGrones,5,Game CDAREALMoneyMan,6,Why is Ryast in both games A and C Grones,7,Shouldn't this be Game C? Also, why is Ryast in both games A and C?Rorschach,8,Cause I'm not very good at hitting backspace a ton of times after copy/paste decides to put an extra space between every line.Rorschach,9,Rectified.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,10,Let's go!Rorschach,11,HOKIES!!!

BA DA DA DA DA DA DAAAAAAAAAAAAAA DUMMMMMMMHunterC98,12,Welp, the games are fixing to begin eh?TheHorla,13,Quick test here:

[vote]mark[/vote]DAREALMoneyMan,14,Quick, hammer mark pregame

[vote]mark[/vote]TheHorla,15,[vote]ryast89[/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,16,Pregame RVS?Skrimiche,17,eRorschach,18,




Esther surveys the room from her high backed chair, her gaunt frame unnerving. The room is littered with damp sacks, some of you climbing out of them. Some of you have been here for a while, chatting idly over tea. In the center of the room is a large cage, covered in a cloth, something rattling at it from the inside. 

"Welcome...to the game. Everyone. You have been briefed on the rules, and if not...well. They are publicly available to you." Esther says, pulling out a pen and holding it, pointing to a bulletin on the wall with the rules. "When you choose who to lynch for today, Chef says he's on vacation. So unfortunately we'll just have to drop them in there." She says, smiling thinly, pointing to the cage in the center of the room, where something growls from the inside. "Well...I shan't keep you...You must have so much to discuss..."

Day 1 starts Now. It ends at 7:45 pm, EST on August 3rd. Twilight will last until 9pm of the same day.Grones,19,Yarrr me hearties! Aweigh anchor and set sail for hammertown!Skrimiche,20,what is up gamersGikkle,21,10000 Jelly Doughnuts,22,[Vote]Skrim[/Vote]
!Gikkle,23,[VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE]Rorschach,24,@Gikkle
@10000 Jelly Doughnuts
@Azmimel
@Grones
@Skrimiche
@Red_PandasGikkle,25,Great minds think alike!Rorschach,26,@Red_Pandas
@DAREALMoneyMan
@Mitochondria
@TheHorla
@MrEevee7Rorschach,27,@HunterC98
@CjBeats
@VizierGrones,28,[vote] Skrim [/vote] make the wench walk the plank!Gikkle,29,Bandwagon moment
susVizier,30,[Vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts[/Vote]Grones,31,yar har har, ye landlubbers got no mind for naval strategy like ye ol' capt'nVizier,32,CAPTAIN!Skrimiche,33,im feeling like absolute buttcheeks so im not actually gonna play the game /sGrones,34,AYE ME HEARTYSkrimiche,35,not sure why a townie would post this even in RVS. seems like something only scum would do for townpointsVizier,36,LOOK!Grones,37,NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NOGikkle,38,Ah... I am so hungry... But food is so far away....Skrimiche,39,ehh, the game's barely started, doesnt really seem alignment-indicative to me. just a heehoo funnee attemptSkrimiche,40,just because it's RVS doesnt mean scum cant slip. i see zero reason for a town!skrim to have posted thatSkrimiche,41,like i said, it was probably just them trying to crack a joke.

+ other people have done similar things in the thread. why havent you been going after them?TheHorla,42,hey guys remember 3 votes is actually nearly halfway to hammer lolGrones,43,Alas me hearties, the lass "Skrimiche" is but a scurvy landlubber stranded at sea, lost her mind.Skrimiche,44,where? i havent seen anyone else try to deflect suspicion off of themselves with a flimsy AtE excuse. if im wrong then go quote themMrEevee7,45,[vote] mito [/vote]Gikkle,46,look at this person, talking to themselves. Insanity!

Though, I myself don't actually have any idea whats going on. Where am I?Skrimiche,47,this is just a waste of time. i shouldnt have to hunt them down for you

[VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE] stop being hypocritical with your readsGikkle,48,[VOTE]MrEevee7[/VOTE]Skrimiche,49,annnnd there's the chainsaw defense! found another scum. [VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE]MrEevee7,50,Omgus
[Vote] gikkle [/vote]TheHorla,51,Skrim you're making me giggle lolSkrimiche,52,but you voted mito?Grones,53,ye be at sea, but that be already beknownst to ye, ye conspirator. Ye and that lass Skrimiche be pirates flying the jolly rodger on open seas!

[Vote] Gikkle [/vote]Skrimiche,54,oh wait i see
disregard silly ol meMrEevee7,55,[vote] grones [/vote]TheHorla,56,What the **** is that pfpMrEevee7,57,Are you townHunterC98,58,crunchitize me capn.

Wait, hows the quote thingie work if the click quote doesnt quote?Vizier,59,Groan

Skrim is confusing me.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,60,THEY COME TO THIS PLACE WHEN THEY KNOW THEY AREN'T PURE!TheHorla,61,
Who are you guys?Rorschach,62,Hunter
ArraTheHorla,63,I repeat the question.HunterC98,64,wazuuuuuuupRorschach,65,From Chucklefish. They're in the discord.Grones,66,Ye click th'reply button, ye freshwater politicianVizier,67,Poyo!TheHorla,68,aaaahhhhhHunterC98,69,oooooooooh...well what does the quote thingie do?Skrimiche,70,no

sorry ;-;TheHorla,71,:Waves:HunterC98,72,skrim is an adorable bat, i see no problems.Grones,73,All yer quotes be stowed away below decks, ye press "insert quotes" to rouse those lazy landlubbers and bring em to yer postMitochondria,74,more like
amiright fellas???Vizier,75,Amgry Poyo.HunterC98,76,ahh, gotcha, thank you!Grones,77,[vote] mito [/vote] this mitochondria science wizardry be black magic, a terrible omen from the heavens, take him to the plank!Azmimel,78,Hi friendsMitochondria,79,oh captain my captain, if you wish for me to die, then die I shall

[vote] Mito [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,80,I would be very suspicious about the votes nearly getting a hammer this time, but I remember this game runs smaller than what we’re used to.HunterC98,81,yeah....i'll call that pun a lynchable offense...
[Vote] mito [vote]Azmimel,82,Quick hammer mito?Mitochondria,83,do it you won't10000 Jelly Doughnuts,84,For future reference, you got to have the slash at the start of the second vote.

just in case that helpsAzmimel,85,No, cause I appreciate that game C gets to say mito is hereHunterC98,86,Ahh....whoops.
[Vote] mito [/vote]

Edit: just to say i properly voted.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,87,Fair enough, but do you have any reasoning why you did that in the first place beyond random voting?HunterC98,88,nothing beyond a sinful punAzmimel,89,Scum team

Eevee
Mito
Panda
SkrimGrones,90,Throwing jests to the wolves, methinks Gikkle and Skrim be conspirators, plotting vile mutiny!

This be a landlubber's shot at pretending not to know the wench, typical freshwater lies. Gikkle may be a scurvy bastard, but he's the eye of the crow's nest for wizardry, no use pretendin to be a fool. Away with them! 

[vote] Gikkle [/vote]Grones,91,Skrim be a vile, lying lass, a stowaway here for vile mutiny!Gikkle,92,I have literally no idea what you're saying.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,93,Scum team:

Grones
Mark
Panda
YouAzmimel,94,Yeah id be okay with that10000 Jelly Doughnuts,95,That would be a stacked team.Grones,96,More lies! Yar har har! Ye be foolin us to think yer heads filled with saltwater!Azmimel,97,Exactly, I wouldn't mind. Except Mark would get lynched too earlyGikkle,98,I admit it, it was a lie. I don't have "no" idea, since I did have SOME idea. I apologize for this horrible offense, second mate. But your pirate speech is confusing, so I don't quite understand what you're trying to say...Azmimel,99,Lynch all liars!

[Vote] gikkle [/vote]Rorschach,100,Before someone asks again.

The town/village win condition is to:
1. Survive
2. Remove all threats to town.Vizier,101,Aye, this is a mutiny capn. Hand over all the bananas and gunpowder.

[Vote] Grones [/vote]HunterC98,102,i vote we test the captain for scurvy.DAREALMoneyMan,103,There is an impostor among us, and he is ourselves

[vote]chucklenuts[/vote]TheHorla,104,Oh, since we're all talking funny:

Heyday ho

pleasen no lynch mesa. Grones isa mafia, mesa thinkHunterC98,105,i wont lie...i was very tempted to change my vote over for the jarjar talk10000 Jelly Doughnuts,106,[Vote]Mark[/Vote]
Jar Jar speaking should be a policy lynch.Red_Pandas,107,


Azmimel,108,I personally am a fan or itVizier,109,Die, they must. 

[Vote]Mark[/Vote]Mitochondria,110,Why?Azmimel,111,I dont think he's randomly accused someone based on gut yet, that's a big tellGrones,112,YE WRETCHED BABOON! I'LL HAVE YE AS SHARK FEED ERE THE WIND CHANGES! 
[vote] Vizier [/vote]Grones,113,I be a lying, murdering, pillaging captain, but no mafia ever lay in me bunk with me. Me hands be clean.Mitochondria,114,Eh, maybe, but I think Pi's been fine so far. The only Pi-adjacent post that I haven't liked thus far is this one from Gikkle:

And I really can't explain why. Something about the post's tone (too serious? too dismissive? idk) just rubbed me the wrong way when I was skimming through.Grones,115,Gut? Gut?! I'll gut ye like a fish, ye scallywag.HunterC98,116,fair thinking, but is that a tell?Mitochondria,117,The Gikkle post? Obviously it's too early to really tell but I think it could be, weirdly defensive or dismissive responses to anything that could be perceived as an attack definitely isn't uncommon scum behavior.Red_Pandas,118,ikr I am so goodRed_Pandas,119,I think pi's pirate talk is funny and therefore Pi is hard town
I will not listen to any opposing argumentGrones,120,That post by that wretched mutineer Gikkle mayhaps be the fruit of his heavens-imposed speech impediment. He be playing the part of a confused, sun-dazed landlubber, away at sea, and far from his lass, for far too long. Aye, I remember when I was but a wee lad aboard the HMS Bictory, just a wee deck swabber I was, a cabin boy. Sick to the guts!Red_Pandas,121,gikkle instant scum for no pirate speakGrones,122,Me first mate rises!Red_Pandas,123,anyways, [VOTE] Rorschach [/VOTE]
I really can't shake off the feeling that they've somehow orchestrated this all
what exactly they may be planning is beyond me, but I know they're up too somethingMitochondria,124,nah, he wasn't doing the confused act for his first three posts of the gameHunterC98,125,how many times were you told to scrub the poopdeck?Red_Pandas,126,Aye, captain!Rorschach,127,Quite a few times unfortunately. On his first day he took the name a little too literally...Mitochondria,128,this is a dumb speculation read, but i think there will be scum among the people with post modifiers (and if one flips scum, the other(s) are prob town)Red_Pandas,129,TMI??
No post modifiers are in sight I think this is tmi!!Mitochondria,130,based, you got meHunterC98,131,post modifiers?Mitochondria,132,pi's pirate posting, skrim's schizophrenia posting, maybe gikkle's confused postingMitochondria,133,Post modifiers are basically just any parts of a person's role that require them to format all their posts in a certain way.HunterC98,134,ahhhh, gotcha...Gikkle,135,I think I'm more hungry than confused, to be quite honest.Grones,136,Mayhaps she be a truly disturbed lass, afflicted by rot of the brain, not a "post-modifier"Grones,137,Me life at sea as a young cabin boy was torturous! But now I be the most feared pirate and used car salesman in the seven seas!Mitochondria,138,You didn't seem very hungry in these posts


Is there any way anyone can give you food to help you out?TheHorla,139,Nosa reason, me just needed sometten to sayen in disa amusen translatorGikkle,140,I don't have a post modifier, I think. I'm actually not really sure yet. We'll have to wait and see.Mitochondria,141,okay fair

i'm so sorryGrones,142,Mito smells afoul to me, alike a gutted fish left out to rot in the Sun. Only good to throw overboard! Mito ne'er defends a soul 'cept when he be a foul mutineer! He be seekin to put the cap'n in his trouser pockets! Hardy yar yar!TheHorla,143,It's okeedayMitochondria,144,hey i can be selfless HunterC98,145,oh? Do you have early automobiles? im a big fan of the older models...Gikkle,146,Well... There is ONE way... But you might not like it... You see, it involves human flesh...Grones,147,[unvote] [/unvote] 
Yar Marky! Is this be the way to unvote, to appease the god of the seas, "vote count bot"?Grones,148,Aye we carry anything a landlubber would desire in their dark, nasty, landlubber heartMitochondria,149,How much human flesh?Grones,150,The only powerhouse on this ship will be used combustion engines! Yar har!TheHorla,151,YesaHunterC98,152,oh good..ill have to come and do some perusing for anything of interest...Grones,153,Methinks Hunter be loyal to the cap'n. He be returnin to the high seas after years of being away, surely he be wary and lurking beneath the depths, if he were a mutineer! Timid, scouting the waters! But he be in the fray, fighting with his cutlass like the best of us!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,154,I didn’t even consider Pi’s posting to be a restriction, I just thought he was like that this game.

I may be stupid, lol.

But anyway, I don’t think restrictions are AI at all, I can’t see mito’s argument tbh.Gikkle,155,Well... The exact amount remains to be seen.Gikkle,156,I thought we were just doing this for fun, to be honest.TheHorla,157,Me'm finden disa so fun dat me think me'm goen to keep it tup.Grones,158,It be no restriction! I be struck down by the heavens with this curse, but I will become more power than you could possibly imagine!






Yar har, I drifted to the wrong franchise, for a moment there lads. The sun and years at sea be taking a toll on this cap'n's mind.Grones,159,Away with ye, ShylockVizier,160,What if I need a new ship?Grones,161,Take yerself to the shipyards then, ye scurvy dog! This cap'n sells only used cars!HunterC98,162,i be a little rusty with my sword, more akin to my pistols and muskets..10000 Jelly Doughnuts,163,Did my car’s warranty expire yet?Grones,164,O not yet, no lass! But ye must be here for yer car's extended warranty! For a mere 9000 gold pieces, yer vehicle be warranted and safe to ride the streets of Port Royal for years (two years) to come! Ah! To the plank with years! Fork over yer firstborn and yer car be warranted for a decade!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,165,Sorry, my firstborn has a contractual obligation already.HunterC98,166,ooooh, is that the new payment method?Grones,167,Damn that thieving Rumplestiltskin! That scurvy dog! Freshwater kleptomaniac! Stealing me customers!Red_Pandas,168,technically my role pm never said what alignment I am so I may be scumSkrimiche,169,explain owoSkrimiche,170,sussy
[VOTE]Red_Pandas[/VOTE]Grones,171,
Scarrrrred arrrre ya?MrEevee7,172,Sadly no
I dont think any one of those is actually a post modifier tbh except maybe pi
When u claim neutral:
[vote] panda [/vote]MrEevee7,173,If you can prove you arent neutral evil you can stay alive for nowCjBeats,174,IM ALIVE.
IM KICKIN. 
I AM HERE.

I get to play with Mito uwu, how exciting. And my boy arra, who I shall defend with my life.


mfw10000 Jelly Doughnuts,175,That’s concerning10000 Jelly Doughnuts,176,Sadge, CJ forgets about me and Pi.CjBeats,177,Fear not my good jelly, I have not forgotten thee. I simply never play with the boy arra so it brings me much joy and excitement. OHO AND THE HUNT IS HERE TOO WHAT A GLORIOUS DAY. THIS GAME SHALL BE A SPLENDID GAME OF CAMARADERIE AND BETRAYAL.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,178,You mean trolling at an advanced level?CjBeats,179,I do not understand what you mean by that my good Jelly.Vizier,180,
Mh. No like.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,181,Oh. You will 

Gut, based on nothing, read: Gikkle town.Red_Pandas,182,yeah
well im obviously not neutral, because im mafia.
yeah maybeSkrimiche,183,i thought you said you didn't know your alignmentRed_Pandas,184,yeah but I got the mafia chat so im good nowSkrimiche,185,oh okay sweetSkrimiche,186,hey now wait just a diddily darn second here

did it not say your alignment in the title of your pm??Red_Pandas,187,I mean who knows, I COULD be a secret hidden neutral in the mafia chatRed_Pandas,188,why
why would it
be in the title?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,189,Pandas obvious jester?Vizier,190,Jesters win if they die by vote...Right?Red_Pandas,191,tbh I kind of think this is some sort of scum slip 
I dont know exactly how that would work but im sure thats not how the pms workRed_Pandas,192,I agree10000 Jelly Doughnuts,193,Yes. And Machine's a fan of the original jester that kills everyone else when they die.Red_Pandas,194,that sounds really exciting tbh I think you guys should vote me10000 Jelly Doughnuts,195,Nah, we'll NK you instead 

Someone's a vig, right?Skrimiche,196,@10000 Jelly Doughnuts is your alignment in the title of your pm/file?

sure it is!Azmimel,197,I don’t think we should lynch pandas today, but we should just shoot him. 10000 Jelly Doughnuts,198,It's just labeled 'Game C' and has the role contained within. 

Although I notice a lot of spelling and grammar errors within the file, so I think machine was in a rush or something. Dunno. What's it like for everyone else?Skrimiche,199,inb4 he made them all different so people couldn't cheese the gameSkrimiche,200,oh i see
i meant the name of your role pm file, not the hypixel pmAzmimel,201,are you that nervous about a joke post? don’t like that :3
That’s a good point.

Skrim/Gikkle/Mark/Pi

do any of you actually have a post modifier or are you just joking?Azmimel,202,we all made the pms so that would be NAI anyway

also don’t feel like we should be doing this to solve the game : (Red_Pandas,203,I haven't checked my file
ohh that makes much more senseMrEevee7,204,You know town isnt called mafia this game right?
Didnt machine say there are no jesters?Azmimel,205,maybe his post modifier is that he has to lie all the time? can’t see how this would be a good jester play. It’s way too obvious; I think something else has to be going on here.MrEevee7,206,You requested machine for a normal role pm tho so you dont have a file10000 Jelly Doughnuts,207,Lmao probably.
TBH, that's a pretty scummy thing to say. I've not seen town non-ironically say that.
Machine said that *anything* could be on the rolelist afaik. I could have misread the rules, but I think he said earlier that anything goes.Skrimiche,208,why would i be nervous because of you  

re: post modifier - joke

what do you suggest instead then
cause i dont have anything elseGrones,209,Aye me heartie! I be a cap'n and a used car salesman! Yarrrr!Skrimiche,210,why are we assuming people have post modifiers and using that to determine alignments/roles .-.Grones,211,Yarrr ye be a rude wench, ye be speakin to Mel10000 Jelly Doughnuts,212,Even if Pi has a post restriction, he's having too much fun and I love it. Lock town for wholesomeness.Azmimel,213,Idk, you’re the one who asked me to explain reads made during RVS. Why ask me to explain these reads and not the other one I made after it?? 
there were enough people acting like they had post modifiers that I thought it was a possibility.

remember pi’s worldeater role?Azmimel,214,heyyy do you have a post modifier or nah?Grones,215,It be a fool's errand to affix our spyglasses on th'heavens-cursed speeches. It be the gods playing a jest on ourrrrrr lives! Next scurvy rat to say a worrrrrd gets to be a man overrboarrrd!HunterC98,216,am i a joke to you?HunterC98,217,Redeemed. All is forgiven.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,218,Everytime I read your signature, I want a burger. Dang you.Grones,219,Avast me hearties! The signature be needin an update!Azmimel,220,do you like our pfp?? i picked it out please compliment me Azmimel,221,can’t dislike posts yet : (Skrimiche,222,for anyone else who was wondering if this was actually true or not:
///////
ily mel but my point still stands xoxo

duh, because i only care about things regarding me. uwu

i think the odds of another post modified worldeater are too low to give significant thought to atmAzmimel,223,love u too 
You ask why I thought post modifiers could be indicative of alignment/role and that was my first thought. my point is that if they are real we shouldn’t brush them to the side.Grones,224,th'signaturrrre be amended forrrr th'high seas!Skrimiche,225,ehh
i still dont think theyre important (or at least not something to be focusing on for today). only one person (grones) could be argued to have one. what does that tell you?Grones,226,It be tellin ye I be th'cap'n and ye best be harkening to 'im lest ye wish t'be a wench strrrranded on BarbadosCjBeats,227,uWu panda-kun open wolfing, what a glorious day! This game will be as easy as taking a baby away from their candy!

[vote]Panda[/vote]Scythe,228,ayieh10000 Jelly Doughnuts,229,Oh?
Yes, I do! I really could go for some pasta right now, not going to lie
CJ using uWu unirionically is scaryMrEevee7,230,pandas is definitely scum, but if they are a jester we should probably be careful about lynching them. 
[unvote] [/unvote]MrEevee7,231,it gets worse when you realize
a. they dont have a file
b. they said they already read their role and it didnt say their alignment.Skrimiche,232,coward! [vote]red_pandas[/vote]Grones,233,I be thinkin this speech talk be a waste of ourrrrr voyageGrones,234,Ye ruffians be speakin of a jester
10000 Jelly Doughnuts,235,
^
Specific beats general, and if someone had something in their PM saying they differed from the rules, that takes the reigns.CjBeats,236,Doth thou fellows really think the machine would throw a jester in this here game? Nay, panda-kun is quite simply a wolf who scumsclipped. Tis the only logical explanation for his actions, say I.Gikkle,237,I claim jesterGrones,238,Gikkle be a fine tarrrrget t'send overrrrboarrrd methinks10000 Jelly Doughnuts,239,why the hell are you doing weeb shakespeare speak?Grones,240,This be the second Shakespeare rrrrreference on this ship! A coincidence?Azmimel,241,It was the first thing I noticed when I read up this morning, so that's why I asked a question about it. Red pandas being jester feels a little too easy for me. Why was he being so obviously scummy?? That's why I suggested an alternate theory: a post modifier. But it's just that, a theory.


I don't know what it tells us because I don't know that much yet. I was just curious as to why some people were acting like they had one. Could be important in the future though.Azmimel,242,pandas rating one of my posts funny feels like a punch to the gut tbhGikkle,243,the alignment is in the title right
tbh I missed that completely and just thought "village #" was something to just describe me, not my alignment. My actual role pm doesn't have my alignment so I didn't know I was town until I asked for my win con an hour later lol.

So maybe pandas is telling the truth and since there is no title machine can change in the pms sent by panda he just had a role pm with no alignmentRed_Pandas,244,I may be dumb, but I'm not stupid
no I really haven't, machine told me my role in the pm
I think machine had given me a file already when I asked for a normal pm
yeah that's true
ew CJ saying uwu instant scum [VOTE] Cjbeats [/VOTE]
scum jest?
how does not having a file make it worse
and I got my alignment now im pretty sure it was just an error that I foundRed_Pandas,245,I reaaaaaally want to do funny talk somehow but I cant think of anythingHunterC98,246,hmmm....i say we give the man what he wants, what do you all say?
[vote] Gikkle [/vote]Red_Pandas,247,I find it really funny that I've managed to get myself almost consensus scum read by doing random RVS jokes

no, I am not going to stop.Azmimel,248,are you seriously going to write this off as RVS? fmlGikkle,249,consensus? By like 4 people?Gikkle,250,It's still RVS in my heartAzmimel,251,;-; I'm so confused right nowCjBeats,252,Who knows why any of us do anything in this accursed world?

let us look at thee panda-kun. An experienced member of this here mafia party. Are we to truly believe the man is a dumbfounded idiot? He is not! Panda-kun is an intellectual who scumslipped as his pms are different than our own! Tis the only logical explanation for senpai’s actions!Red_Pandas,253,yes, I will
tbh though the jokes did kinda suck
yeah pretty muchCjBeats,254,Let me enlighten thee. RVS means random voting sycle. You are welcome!Gikkle,255,Town members can't win after dying
Thus town and mafia will be equally scared of getting lynched
Anyone who acts like they are okay with being lynched is a liarCjBeats,256,Hunter me pal! What is thine experience with the game of mafia as we play now?Red_Pandas,257,Im pretty sure mine is the same as everyone else's but coolCjBeats,258,Did ye not ask the machine senpai for a role pm different then our own?


and yet, you my dear Gik claimed jester! Hmmmm suspicious!Red_Pandas,259,yeah I dont actually have a file
just checked
I had one for game A but then I moved to game C
so my alignment technically wasn't anywhere in my PM before machine added itAzmimel,260,I get what you're saying, but I also don't understand why he wouldn't have just questioned machine privately until he understood his role. Why does he benefit from announcing that he has no alignment in his role pm?? What does that do for him?? 


if it was a joke it was a terrible one. 


Oh, CJ, you are a saucy boy!Red_Pandas,261,yeah kind of?
it was just asking for my role in the pm instead of in the file
technicallyyyyy it wasn't a joke 
but I did announce it ironicallyCjBeats,262,Perhaps the machine senpai made an Oopsie woodsie? Could it be!? Is our senpai incompetent??CjBeats,263,There was once a saying back in the day of mine from whence I was born! Comedy is subjective! Terrible jokes are still jokes my dearest Azimel!Grones,264,This be a revealing day, we thrrrow Gikkle orr Skrrrim overboard! Hunterrr, Panda, and Cj arrrrre loyal to the cap'n, forrrr cerrtain!Red_Pandas,265,im afraid soCjBeats,266,And did the machine senpai give you your request in the different role pm?Grones,267,[vote] gikkle [/vote]CjBeats,268,Alas, perhaps we should lynch him instead! Oh what a great sacrifice we must make for our panda-Kun!!Grones,269,Cj ye best stop discussin rrrrrole PMs lest ye appearrr as a conspirator mutineerrrr t'me, thrrrowin the discussion overrrboardCjBeats,270,Enlighten me my dearest cap’n-kun, what is the problem with mistress Skrimiche on this day?Grones,271,[vote]cj[/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,272,I. I.

I'm intimidated. I won't lie.CjBeats,273,My curiosity shan’t be quenched, not even by my dearest cap’n-kun.Grones,274,She be talkin amiss, and I be seeing a vile connection betwixt herrr and th'GikkleRed_Pandas,275,can confirm
yeah I think machine Lynch would be a good idea
yesCjBeats,276,Oh to switch so fast in the heart of thee! What a glorious mind you possess!Azmimel,277,
hmmmm ok10000 Jelly Doughnuts,278,




Pi's reversal of his opinions is well within his normal town meta, I think. Therefore, I will say that Pi is a high TR of mine, and would rather not want him lynched.CjBeats,279,Then chalk it up to nothing more than a miscommunication! Non-alignment indicative say I!

[unvote][/unvote]
It is settled!


my dearest jelly! I am playing most seriously in my heart!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,280,This is 1000000000% cursed.Azmimel,281,I don't like how quickly you accepted that. Where did your certainty go?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,282,


HunterC98,283,uhhh....lets see..last time i played was...what? 5'ish years ago?HunterC98,284,appreciate the vote of confidence cap!Grones,285,Jelly be using jests t'avoid exposing herrrrself as a vile mutineer?Azmimel,286,this feels like the complete opposite of how she was last game, so I'm kinda ok with it,Grones,287,Arghhhhh10000 Jelly Doughnuts,288,Nah, I just wanted to make memes. That's all. I would say that I'd stop doing them, but that would be a lie, because they're funny. 

[Vote]Cj/Vote]

Something pings me about him, he feels wishywashy.

ANd yea, pi's that way too, but he's usually that way as town.Grones,289,Panda be town, no throwin o'erboard, cap'n's orderrs10000 Jelly Doughnuts,290,I disagree with him being town, but agree with not lynching. Hopefully we have a TK that can handle the jester.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,291,because I don't see scum pandas or town pandas being this way tbh.HunterC98,292,i feel too scrambled to make a fair assumption here.

cap'n seems busy being the spitting image of a proper town seafarer.

gikkle seems to be pure chaos.

cj seems awful authoritative, though that could be chalked up with trying to make up for missing some talk time.

jelly seems to be alright so far, a pinch quiet but i dunno how she plays to make a concern of that.

azmimel is either staying very quiet and stoking flames or just unavailable most often.Azmimel,293,Maybe if you explain the connection between Gikkle and Skrim I'd explain my read :3


He's either village idiot or neutral imoGrones,294,Let's brrring out the rum and play a game below decks! All ye scalleywag excuses for sailors, bellow out the scummiest, most treacherous words ye can


The cap'n'll begin

I be so disappointed I be a loyal one this voyage, I be hopin t'be a treacherous mutineer, but the gods declarrre me loyal to me post, th'CAP'NRed_Pandas,295,I feel like I probably would be dumb enough to make these jokes as bothAzmimel,296,the only reason why I could imagine anyone saying this is because they want to be lynched.Azmimel,297,trying to chat with my hydra partner :3MrEevee7,298,hes still lying about not checking the file, as he claims he doesnt have a file later on
so you knew your alignment, so why did you say you didnt?
scum != mafia, it just is evil roles. so jester would be scum as it makes town lose in the case that it is lynched
because you said you didnt read your file, but if you dont have it thats just an obvious lie that you didnt read it.HunterC98,299,aaah...yes that is a thing, my bad.Red_Pandas,300,eh
that doesn't mean I'm lying though, if I dont have a file then I didnt read it?
so it's still true
my alignment was never in the PM before I made the joke about it
after that machine added it
technically I didn't
I dont think jester is even in the game since everyones win-con is to stay alive and defeat the other faction iirc
but that means it's true??
also I did think I had a file
my memory is bad and its not something I thought was importantCjBeats,301,Twas explained away by the panda-kun! My certainty was replaced by uncertainty before being uprisen by a new kind of certainty!
Then ye are but a bab who I shall protect henceforth!


Is coming to an understanding wishy washy my dearest jelly? It is not!MrEevee7,302,no one says "i didnt read my book!!!" if they dont have a book. you were clearly trying to make an excuse for "not knowing your alignment"
ah yes, what a great reason to be town. "my memory is bad"

guys i claim scum!!!!
wait no my memory is bad im actually town!!!Grones,303,9 times out o'10, when ye landlubbers be assured and confident ye caught a scumslip rrrrelatin' t'role PMs, ye be sorrrely mistaken. This be a useless arrrrrgument made by lazy landlubberrrsRed_Pandas,304,as said previously, at the time I thought I had a file 
I never tried to make it an argument that I was was town but sure
I was literally just stating that I had mis-remembered it
also me claiming that I was mafia is the most obvious joke in history10000 Jelly Doughnuts,305,Rum? Rum?

Honestly: scum doesn't usually tend to say that they wished they rolled scum. It's a town move in my experience. Or at least I think so. Pi just keeps on being more townie somehow.
No one read the rules closely enough and it shows.
This is 100% cursed why am I in this game, I should suffer in the nexus instead why why why why whyRed_Pandas,306,im dumb be patient with meSkrimiche,307,pg 13 atm
[vote]CjBeats[/vote]HunterC98,308,okay, lemme be the first to come to the question, do we lynch off of all the nonsense in an attempt to knock out a bad guy or let time pass and use abilities to try and find stuff out?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,309,In most games, town tries to lynch everyday due to the information gained from the flip and the potential mafia member dead.

Here it may be less advisable because a lynch on someone is an automatic 'you lose' thing, so I feel like people are more hesitant this time.DAREALMoneyMan,310,I do not like that you are attempting to brush off his actions via of setup speculationGikkle,311,[VOTE]No-Lynch[/VOTE]
When's the last time we had a d1 no lynch? :3HunterC98,312,soooo keep yapping till someone slips?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,313,Based!
[Vote]No-Lynch[/Vote]
Yep, you got it. Eventually someone will vote dumb, pressures build and then scum slipping happens!CjBeats,314,Oh Gikkle-Chan, you wild man! Perhaps once I would’ve joined you on your quest to lynch not a soul, but alas, I have come to realize the benefit of lynching a person day 1. To not do so would be an inservice to the game!HunterC98,315,aye aye cap-errr...jelly.Vizier,316,You seem...Rather. 

Dead-set on lynching.CjBeats,317,And you aren’t my dearest Arra?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,318,I'm waiting for the time CJ says 'you saucy boy' unironically. 

I think I woke up in the twilight zoneSkrimiche,319,what if they just dont care about losing :3

im down
[vote]Skrimiche[/vote]

gikkle is quaking in his bootsVizier,320,Not particularly. I really wouldn't want more company.Grones,321,Arrrgh! Based! 
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Grones,322,Land ho!Grones,323,Argh! I meant @CjBeats10000 Jelly Doughnuts,324,CJ is a farming instrument?Grones,325,He'll be farmin votes 'ere the tide changes10000 Jelly Doughnuts,326,Also: weird thought: what if dead players were still in the game somehow.

Seems very weird that Machine would just ban dead chat and giving the rolelist.

Maybe there could be revivers. Idk, just seems odd to me.HunterC98,327,That could be interesting, but then the question is, what extent of knowledge would they come back with?Grones,328,The dead souls be sent away from Davy Jones locker because all 3 worlds be connected, methinks.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,329,The same bit of when they were dead, I think.
most assuredly there’s a connection.HunterC98,330,Which makes sense of the snippet of not revealing roles.HunterC98,331,guess playing it safe would be the smart thing to do..
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Grones,332,If ye were bettin yer life on it, which of these ruffians would ye wager is a mutineer?HunterC98,333,if i was to wager my doubloons against a soul, i would say one of the quieter ones...likely mito. just don't have enough to go off of to make a safe assumption.Grones,334,Aye! Mito be a treacherous cabin boy, but for other reasons.

Speakin of quiet ruffians, lurkin under the sea,
@DAREALMoneyManHunterC98,335,i wanted to ask about him but wasnt sure if i just didnt know his name he used.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,336,Explain?TheHorla,337,I don't 100% understand the pandas situation, but I learned the hard way last game that most of the time, "scumslips" related to PMs and formatting are usually just people getting confused.

Let me see if I read this right:
- pandas got his role in a PM, not a file
- the text of the PMs doesn't contain a wincon
- since you can't edit the title of a PM, machine forgot to tell pandas his alignment
- pandas noticed this, made a joke out of it
- people didn't realize that pandas wouldn't have known his alignment from his file title, since he got his role as a PM
Explaining away behaviour as a post modifier is bad logic and scummy. If we want to argue that player such and such is "obviously scummy" because of a "post modifier", we might as well hang up our towels and go home here.
Eevee is way too confident here for my liking.
Disappointed in gikkle for speaking sense here and not using this prime reaction fish opportunity.Azmimel,338,yea, but I also don't like the fact that he's trying to write it off as an RVS joke. I wouldn't lynch him either way, but I certainly don't think he's towny.
Not attempting to brush his actions off. I'm trying to figure out on earth he would inform us (apparently as a joke) that he had no alignment in his role pm. It was just a theory . I personally don't see scum or town doing that in any situation.Azmimel,339,I think they are, specifically because of this quote from the rules for game C
Grones,340,Mito be a snake charmer, a silverrrr-tongued succubus


Across the 7 seas, I've always known this landlubber to be a rotten soul from the malbolge. He be a seducer, a liar, a flatterer, a two faced duplicitous freshwater politician!

His treacherous mutiny sails on
He be a sower of deceit, he sets our ship along the wrong course, subtly like the Majesty's snake charmer he be.Grones,341,What be the cabin boy's agenda?Skrimiche,342,[VOTE]MrEevee7[/VOTE]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,343,Mmm, I disagree, but there's probably no reason to be setup speculating
Okay other than being a dnd monster, what did Mito do?
Why?HunterC98,344,i shall kick back and watch this show unfold til i have anything interesting or thoughtful to add.Azmimel,345,oh sorry i should've been more specific on which part. I think dead players will still have an impact on the game. I have no clue about revivers.TheHorla,346,Am... I the cabin boy? Or eevee?Azmimel,347,this is the second time you've voted a person pi has put under some sort of pressure with no explanation.Grones,348,Review th'rest o'me post, illiterate wenchTheHorla,349,Where did pi pressure eevee?Grones,350,Eevee, that dogMitochondria,351,I agree with Mark's take on the Panda situation. Don't fully understand what their confusion was and honestly don't care enough about this discussion line to spend the brainpower figuring it out, but odds are more likely they got confused and communicated their confusion poorly rather than them being scum that we caught right away.

I'm also mindmelding with Mark on his Eevee take (shows up, tunnels Panda, then dips; I especially didn't like the post he made asking Panda to "prove he's not neutral evil," it's a weirdly specific thing to ask for), but I'm super uncomfy with Skrim's naked vote on him and the underlying feeling that thread consensus is quickly shifting against Eevee. Quick shifts in thread consensus generally indicate that the target's town.

I'm not sure if I dislike this post because a) I'm annoyed that we're already starting our discussion about how Mito not living in the thread = scum (in which case this post is NAI and I'm just being emotional) or b) it's scummy that I get specifically called out despite the majority of the game having done nothing thus far.

Pi's read on me is bad and he should feel bad, but I like his play so far.

Pi and Mark feel town, sans the post I called out above I've been liking Hunter, Skrim's kinda weirding me out so light scumread, I guess scumread on Eevee too but I don't think Skrim/Eevee is a scum pair.Grones,352,And where be th'first time?TheHorla,353,@Azmimel are either of you ABBA fans? (Based on your signature, just wondering)10000 Jelly Doughnuts,354,ah okay yea.
I did, you threw out spicy insults and then refused to elaborate more lolGrones,355,I'll hang ye from th'highest mast with yer own innardsMitochondria,356,I'll sink ye ship before I hangAzmimel,357,oops I mixed up you and grones. But the point should still stand. She's voted people that others have put under pressure with no explanation. 
Don't know about azmine, but I sure am.Grones,358,He be seekin a pocketed sailor, and he be veering us off course, distracting us like a Siren's cry!TheHorla,359,An hour ago I impulsively scumread him for it, but:
- good chance eevee is confused as well
- scumhunting is good, considering that it'd be easy for scum to sit back and chill right now
- I agree with mito that a shifting consensus that eevee is scum is in general indicative that eevee is town (particularly considering that he's often considered an easy lynch)Grones,360,


HunterC98,361,fair, i may not have said it well, the second half of the message was supposed to be me saying i am not fully capable to make a firm guess because i don't have anything to compare it against.CjBeats,362,You are doing amazing my dearest sweet huntie-Chan.

Let us move forward on our conversation from the mister panda-kun! It shan’t get us anywhere doddling on about it! When does this here fine day end?Grones,363,@CjBeatsHunterC98,364,Day 1 ends tomorrow at....7:45 PM i believe?Mitochondria,365,If Pi or Hunter flips scum, I think it's decently likely the other flips scum as well. They've been pretty buddy-buddy all game (meta is fairly useless, but as a point of comparison from playing scum with Pi before, I remember he's not big on bussing teammates) and I'm still weirded out by Hunter shading me without committing to a Mito scumread stance and then backpedalling a bit when I responded (builds support for Pi's read without him really sticking his neck out there).

@CjBeats-kun uwu, what do you think of things so far?CjBeats,366,Such a long day, oh me oh my! Thank you dearest cap’n-Chan. I shall love you long time.Grones,367,One of these cabin boys will walk the plank, ere the day is done! E'eryone else aboard this ship be safe!Grones,368,Yer a bold oneMitochondria,369,Being controversial is fun Grones,370,LiberrrrralsCjBeats,371,I think things are just downright fascinating in this here game! A glorious tale of whodunnit taking place upon our doorstep!
I know not the reasoning on why people are scumming the Eevee-weevee, so I could use an explanation, but beyond that there confusion I do so believe the cap’n-Chan is a good lad. Huntie-wuntie-kun is newish, so I shall protect him for now. I do so believe that talking about panda-kun as we have done so much is becoming nothing more than a waste of time. That moment has passed. I would like to hear more from my dearest arra! A delightful, beautiful, man!Grones,372,Aye?Mitochondria,373,Very wholesome post but oh so very safe! Gimme something spicy, what's your hottest take about the game right now?CjBeats,374,My dearest jelly is a sneaky, sniveling, conniving devil bent on seeing this dearest world of ours burn to the ground upon which we stand!Mitochondria,375,Now we're cooking, how come?HunterC98,376,i was asked who i thought could be scummy and answered off of what i had...which still aint much...Mitochondria,377,That's fair - and to be clear, I've generally liked your posts thus far - but the point still stands. Wishywashy reads are never a good look because they're commonly used by scum to set up mislynches and erode the town's trust in other townies without the scum player needing to commit to the read or lead the lynch (both of which look bad when the target flips town).10000 Jelly Doughnuts,378,[JOKEVOTE]JELLY[JOKEVOTE]

oh god, everyone's doing weeb shakespeare and pirate speak. Get me outta here


---
I can see a wolf eevee, but I'm hesistant because he's LHF and I feel like I could be misdirected.

It's very weird cash hasn't spoken at all, but I don't think that's AI.

CJ feels... off for some reason, maybe the restriction is throwing me off, but it feels like some serious misdirection in his posts.CjBeats,379,Despite being how one may say active, she is too concerned with how people say things instead of they say! No notable contributions have come forth from her blessed heart, and I find that odd for someone of her stature and expertise!CjBeats,380,Right as I say such words she comes with the spice, oh my! Misdirection in what way my dear friend?HunterC98,381,alrighty, ill be sure to keep that in mind.Grones,382,Indra moment 


(Argh)Grones,383,Cj vs Jelly be a fool's errand, akin t'searching for the fountain o'youthCjBeats,384,Then consider me a fool, cause this one errand that I just must run! My curious heart shan’t be quenched until I do!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,385,Let me go through your posts real quick and find what sort of bothered me. It's very possible it's not your fault and I'm in shock from the PR.CjBeats,386,I shall await patiently with pounding enthusiasm for your return!MrEevee7,387,idk about anyone else but it says right in my file what my alignment is, not just the title of it. so machine shouldve still told him his alignment regardless of whether or not it was in a normal pm. i assumed this meant he was neutral as normally neutral just comes with the roll and no statement of alignment
and then he started talking about his file, which seemed scummy to me as he shouldnt have one based on his request, and he also said he didnt read his file, which would be a pointless post to make if he had read his pm where his role should have been, so id assumed it was again, a lie.Azmimel,388,First post I could find related to his interactions with Pandas.





Eevee remembered that Pandas asked for his role in a PM instead of a file, and then fixates on Pandas saying he did not open his file where his role was because that shouldn't have been a possibility for Pandas. 

I feel like it's way too easy to scum read Eevee based on just his interactions with Pandas (which are the only significant ones he's had), especially since Pandas was creating confusion, which is not a townie thing to do.

Right now it's low-hanging fruit, and I'd like to see more from Eevee before I actually consider him to be a lynch target.

@MrEevee7 whatcha feeling right now?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,389,The hard part is that I do have issues with telling jokes and such over text. The post modifier is making it really difficult to tell if you're sincere or just playing it up. I try to keep it in mind, but you do seem to be trying to pocket people.
And then you make the argument that there was a scum slip despite not knowing anything about the format of the roles, especially because I can't really find an example PM anywhere that would justify the reason. Pandas was weird, but this is a confusing game.

Although saying you've never read your PM (pandas) is scummy, so that's agreeable
With Hunter
Hunter again, and then you were enlightened, but it reads to me like you thought this was a dead end thing.
Pi.

And well, you seem to have an odd relationship with Mito too, the 'spiciest takes' feels very forced to me.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,390,Spicy take: Neither Eevee nor Pandas should be in the lynch pool today.Azmimel,391,I'm okay with a no-lynch, but I want Skrim to explain why she voted CJ and Eevee.Grones,392,


Red_Pandas,393,setup spec good, this argument is not valid
that's pretty much right
I can get thinking pi has one but me being a bit confusing definitely =/= post mod
if anything its very normal for me to be confusing10000 Jelly Doughnuts,394,You know, when it feels like everyone's trying to pocket you, no one is. But there are like three people who did click agree on a lot of my posts recently.

EDIT: removed 'let me check' idk why I put that there.Azmimel,395,yeah, I got a little overeager thinking about post modifiers. 
I thought you didn't like CJ? Where are you on that?TheHorla,396,Why are you bringing up a no lynch so early?Azmimel,397,because three people have voted for a no-lynch so farAzmimel,398,just checked vote count, it's actually fourTheHorla,399,It just feels super weird to preface that question with that statementAzmimel,400,I mean if skrim doesn't explain her votes well then I won't be ok with a no-lynch.Vizier,401,
I swear I heard someone roll in their grave with that joke. Absolutely sickening.HunterC98,402,Sorry, that was me.Grones,403,
Grones,404,@TheHorla a used car for your thoughts?CjBeats,405,Me and mito-Chan’s relationship is one of resounding love, but that does not mean I would like to pocket. Alas, I know not the heart of Mito-Chan, so I cannot say anything about him! As for the other laddies you mentioned, I simple wish to protect huntie-wuntie on this first day as he has not played in many a moon. And is it wrong to love my cap’n-Chan for telling me when day ends? I think not! But that is the only reason I said such things, so i find it a stretch if you think that’s me trying to pocket the dear lad.

And one does know the format of a role pm, or at the very least one should! After all, we all received one from the machine senpai!TheHorla,406,Null on everyone except gikkle (light town for speaking up for panda) and lean scum on skrimiche for voting eevee.HunterC98,407,to be fair, a lot of what eevee has to say is either voting or straight calling folks out, not that i agree against him but it is something to keep aware of.Skrimiche,408,
i have my reasons, and if i dont make them public then that is also for a reason. :s

i dont think he is?

gimme a bit

scary ;-;Grones,409,Eevee be a mighty sailor, no LHF 
He be no mutineer, ne'erthelessGrones,410,Who ye be wagering be the mutineer, then?DAREALMoneyMan,411,Alas I am binging Ted lasso, I will probably be done with the season by the end of the day so I’ll do things then (TM)Skrimiche,412,also i voted cj because he had stinky energy but i dont feel like pushing him rnRed_Pandas,413,relatableAzmimel,414,Other head popping in! It's cause (you're his scum buddy) : )Skrimiche,415,prove it busterTheHorla,416,Maybe skrim and azmimel?TheHorla,417,To expand on this a bit: azmimel made some really poor attacks on panda (the whole pm speculation bit was bad, thinking that he had a post modifier that made him always lie was scummy, reading him as jester was scummy, not considering that he may have been a bit confused (and that he was telling the truth that he didn't know his alignment at the beginning) was scummy.)

Skrim naked voted eevee after I attacked them is scum-indicative, and mel immediately criticizing them (and afterwards weakly pressuring skrim) feels a bit more like scum distancing than actual scumhunting.Azmimel,418,Pandas came out and said that he did not have an alignment in his role pm, and then later claimed mafia. He did not claim that he was joking until later. That was confusing to me. I saw absolutely no reasoning for town or scum to have made that move, so I assumed he was a neutral who wanted to die. I don’t think that’s scummy.

I never speculated above role pms. In fact, I was very against it. I did speculate a bit about post modifiers, and yeah, I’ll admit I fixated on it a bit too much, but I was trying to figure out why on earth he would’ve decided to share all of this information with us instead of dming machine and figuring it out, which is what I would’ve done, and post modifiers were on my mind because of the earlier discussion. Was it a poor decision to setup speculate so early on? Probably. Is it alignment indicative? Probably not.

I don’t know why you think my argument against skrim has been weak. I haven’t voted her, that’s true, but I didn’t want to vote anyone until I discussed it with my partner.

this is the only post I made about role pms.MrEevee7,419,Idk tbh but i feel like some of the ppl on my wagon are scummy
Why? That's just straight up an anti town line of thought.Skrimiche,420,anti town? like an anti hero? sickSkrimiche,421,+ no it isnt

machine if by some miracle youre reading this i hate you for the no edit ruleRed_Pandas,422,I can see that, kind ofRed_Pandas,423,its been in mafia games like foreverSkrimiche,424,

Spoiler: cj stink pg 13









Skrimiche,425,yeah but normally i can edit in my afterthoughts when i post
now i have to double post and it's annoying for people trying to catch up TheHorla,426,There's a whole bunch to unpack here:
- if someone claims mafia, it's obviously a joke
- jokes are a thing, and don't necessarily imply that someone wants to die.
- I think it's scummy to read into his behaviour this much
- Making assumptions about the veracity of panda's claim that machine forgot to state his alignment is inherently PM speculation
- Re: why panda shared the info: when I read his posts, I found it funny that machine forgot to give him his alignment; that you didn't consider (or pretended to not consider) that he shared it because mod errors are funny is scummy.
- I didn't say that the post modifier speculation was scummy because it's setup speculation (but good point there, I guess that's one more reason to scumread you!). Your comment was scummy because trying to explain player behaviour by post-speculation ("they are lying/acting off because of mod instructions") is not a townie line of reasoning.
- Your argument against skrim is so far weak because I find it unpursuasive.Rorschach,427,*unpersuasiveGrones,428,Jokes aint always jokes arghhhSkrimiche,429,FIGHT ME YOU COWARDRorschach,430,Sure.
Skrim has been modkilled.

I win.

Skrim has been reinstated into the game.MrEevee7,431,How is it notTheHorla,432,What are you saying here?Azmimel,433,





1) From my point of view, we were out of RVS/the banter stage. Pandas said he thought it would be exciting if people voted him. That implies he wants to die.
2) He didn’t clear up that it was a joke until 30-45 minutes after, and during that time he was a major topic of discussion. The majority of players on at the time believed him to be a jester. He didn’t clear it up immediately even though he was online, which I found weird.
3) You’re telling me it’s suspicious to analyze a player I found scummy at the time? 


My argument was not about PM speculation because I was questioning why he shared the information with us. I was confused because I would’ve asked machine instead of sharing it with the rest of the players in the game. Because of this, I thought it might be a ploy to make himself seem suspicious and therefore get voted.





Proof that I never once speculated about what was actually in his PM, just that I wondered why he actually did it.


Once again, I didn’t understand why Pandas was sharing the information with us. So I tried to figure out why. Two things came into my mind. Jester, which was a common answer among the online players, and a post modifier. I thought of a post modifier because of what I’d been thinking about before with you, grones, skrim, and Gikkle.


My argument against Skrim is her votes with absolutely nothing to back them up. I made that point before you did, you just dedicated an entire post to it. Do you not find your own argument persuasive enough?Skrimiche,434,im sure youve had times where you didnt want to spell things out for a greater purposeGrones,435,Nothin 
Yar har harGrones,436,[vote] cash [/vote]Gikkle,437,I'm 2% closer to ending the world
better kill me before thenTheHorla,438,Not yet, actually! It's pretty weak right now. My argument is that you're making the same (weak) argument as I am, but to distance yourself from her.
*shrugs* Regardless of how you define the end of RVS, I did not take their posts seriously. I think you are taking some posts that were not meant to be taken seriously far too seriously, and tied yourself up in knots trying to explain them via post modifiers.
I think the majority of players that were on at the time were wrong about that. 
Yes, depending on what you're analyzing? See the comment above about taking things seriously.
Just trying to understand something here. Did you think he was telling the truth that machine forgot to give his alignment, or not?
I understand that! The facts here are clear. But I think your conclusion was wrong, and I find it suspicious that you came to the conclusion that it was a post modifier.MrEevee7,439,sure, but seeing as it is impossible to have mech info atm, i dont see how it could be that.
and not explaining reads, unless youre just being lazy, doesnt help town at all and makes you look like you dont have any actual reasons for them10000 Jelly Doughnuts,440,Except speculating on pms is useless especially for Req because he does make changes and edits to the template all the time.

Heck, he didn't even put a period in my pm, is that scum indicative?

Also Skrim, give your reasons, let's not play this gameSkrimiche,441,booooo

touché

Cj - I quoted the posts that pinged me earlier while I was reading up. I didn't feel like pushing him (I confess to being lazy!), and I switched off to Eevee soon after because that's a vote I have reasons for doing aside from gut.

Eevee - First, I thought Pandas scumslipped about his alignment not being in his pm. This was because i asked Machine earlier if the "village" in the title of my google doc was my alignment (because it wasnt in the contents of the doc), and he confirmed it. But then I thought about it some more, and realized it was more likely that it was just a goof & not an actual scumslip. Eevee pointing out the contradiction with Panda's PM (being on the hypixel forums and not a google doc) seemed townie to me, but his subsequent hounding of Panda afterwards didn't. You can argue that the attempt at gamesolving is townie, but to me, it looked more like scum going after low-hanging fruit.

anyways im dipping to pet some cats and my dog grandson, ciao o/Skrimiche,442,also the reason why i didnt elaborate on the eevee vote was because i wanted to see how he'd react to it & whether or not he'd continue to push pandasAzmimel,443,Are you trying to trick me into actual pm speculating? Either way, it doesn't change my argument. I found him suspicious because he volunteered the information, not because he claimed machine forgot to give him his alignment.

Oh, so you're not as confident as you seem. 
you're right, it probably wasn't meant to be taken seriously. However, that's how I took it at the time, and since I want to defend myself I am attempting to explain my thought process. 
My conclusion wasn’t that he had a post modifier, my conclusion was that something else was going on here. Post modifier was just an example of something else that could’ve been going on. 
HunterC98,444,where was this mindset back when i horsed around with bold talk and ended up getting myself lynched on just talking around?Grones,445,We be halfway to nightfall, best we line up some choice ruffians to walk the plank! 

I wanna see 
Mito
SkrimGrones,446,Gikkle 


Send them all to the plank!Vizier,447,What flavor stinky? Skunk, onion, rotten food?CjBeats,448,
What happened to me oh cap’n my cap’n? doth thou not know your own heart? What a spicy lad you are oh cap’n-Chan to change up so quickly! 

Mistress Skrimiche-kun, I saw thine post about my stinkiness, but alas I do not understand what pinged you about those? Will you enlighten my darling heart?

And to my dearest jelly, I have seen your point! Oh what a wonderful mind you possess!CjBeats,449,MY LOVELY ARRA OH TO SEE THINE FACE FILLS MY HEART WITH SUCH JOY!!

Tell me, my dearest Arra, doth thou have any thoughts?Scythe,450,"Shall I compare thee to a summer day?"
"You're both hot."Vizier,451,
Nothing really rattles around in this dead head of mine, but I figure I can dig something up to support an idea I have.CjBeats,452,Oh superb! I shall await your return with bated breath!Vizier,453,There's. Not a cupid/lovers role in this setup. Right?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,454,Days I wish I had a vig shotVizier,455,



Edit: Posted meme twice.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,456,You are exceptionally wishy-washy.

[Vote]CJ[/Vote]CjBeats,457,You no longer need one, for this comment is already a knife to the heart! Oh what a cruel, black, wicked, twisted, nasty heart you must possess to say such rudeness to one such as me!CjBeats,458,A man merely knows when to change his mind when faced with arguments that make sense! My mind is not fixed, it is open to one’s voices!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,459,Mmmmmhmmm
You're really wishy washy, not changing your mind with good arguments. It's more that anytime anyone puts any push back on your opinions, you drop back. You've done it like 4 times.Vizier,460,

TheHorla,461,I explicitly stated earlier that my scumread of skrim was pretty weak, so my "confidence" is really just a strawman.
No, you're getting paranoid. You assumed that pandas posting "I don't have an alignment" makes him scummy or a jester - what logically follows is that you assumed he was lying about not having an alignment. If you thought he was telling the truth, his statement is obviously NAI, since he made it before he had an alignment!TheHorla,462,There is literally figuratively nothing to use to form a mito read right now.TheHorla,463,Final thought: Grones is funny as heck, but most of his posts substantively add up to "I want to lynch mito and skrim" or "Thoughts?"Grones,464,A used car for your thots?Grones,465,Lies and deception, mutiny! He be a conspirator, I quoted the ruffian.Mitochondria,466,Pi, do you have an argument against me which doesn’t boil down to “oh he TRs me which means he’s scum trying to pocket me”? I’d hope yes if I’m one of your top lynch targets today Red_Pandas,467,I ran out of reactions, expect no communication from me for exactly 24 hoursMitochondria,468,Maybe this post? Idk, I guess I’m biased but I genuinely fail to see how any of this is scummy. First quote was RVS, second was genuine curiosity and trying to spark discussion, third was my read at the time and an attempt to get some non-RVS discussion going. Fourth is setup spec and thus bad, but ehRed_Pandas,469,the rule hasn't changed at all
probably..
we don't know for sureRed_Pandas,470,yeah tbh no ai in thereGrones,471,Yarrr! I be quoting yer crimes! Ye set us off-course with yer insinuation that post mods be alignment indicative/one o'them be scum! Subtle, but powerful derailing! Typical mutineering!MrEevee7,472,Why mito?
This does seem like a bit of an overreaction thoughRed_Pandas,473,trying to find out why you're scum read is not overreactingGrones,474,Arghh! I be explainin meself o'er and o'er!Grones,475,Jelly be sailing under our radar, methinks.Grones,476,[vote] Gikkle [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,477,
"Slipping under radar"
votes gikkle.

also smh at not reading any of my arguments with CJRed_Pandas,478,I really don't get the thread title tbhGrones,479,With respect, ye olde cap'n closes his eyes and scrolls past e'ery word Cj posts10000 Jelly Doughnuts,480,Oh okay, understandable why you missed it and scum read me. Have a nice day.Grones,481,SR ye? Ne'er said that! Don't ye be puttin words in me mouth like some kind o' freshwater tv show hostMrEevee7,482,No, it's not. But he could have awaited groness response instead of writing an essay. I just found it a bit odd is all.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,483,But you do so...Grones,484,Should I? 


Arghhh!Grones,485,But that were me reasoning! He be askin for me reasoning, and found it! This be a weird position to take, Eevee. I'll have ye swabbing decks for a week for this!Skrimiche,486,good news: the cats like me
bad news: im allergic to catsSkrimiche,487,onions are divine you take that back

sure, gimme a min

ahaha yeah ive never done that as town myself ahahaha
ahaha
aha10000 Jelly Doughnuts,488,Yes. Go on!MrEevee7,489,Well since he clearly wasn't satisfied with the reasoning id expect him to not say anything about it then attack you if thats all you said it was in case there were more reasoningGrones,490,So ye admit to being a scalleywag?!Grones,491,Why would he say nothing? Is he a mute? A dumb landlubber? No, he be a tricksy siren, speech be his gift.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,492,Yes

(I shouldn't have to do the joke here but I will)MrEevee7,493,So that he makes sure he doesn't attack you needlessly..? It's what i would do at leastGrones,494,Why would he be wary o'attacking me "needlessly"? He be scared o' me?Grones,495,This be no laughing matter!Skrimiche,496,On second thought, I agree with Cj on this? Whoops. Not sure why I thought it felt wrong. Might've been the "subjective" bit triggering a primal response in me.

The only thing he questioned from that list (Azmimel scumreading me/Gikkle + townreading Hunter/Panda/Cj) was the scumread on me, which is strange. I'm not sure why he would pick to exclusively focus on me there.

(Context: Grones offers me & Gikkle as lynch candidates, then votes Gikkle, then 2 posts after voting Gikkle tells Cj to stop discussing role PMs because it's derailing the thread*, then 2 posts after that votes Cj.
*@Grones did I get that right? Just wanna make sure I'm understanding the pirate lingo. :3)

I was going to say: "Cj shouldn't be calling out others for being wishy-washy when he's been doing it himself", but when I looked back at the actual posts I had in mind from him, I actually think the progression might be natural? He basically went through the same "Panda scumslipped" --> "Panda/Machine just goofed up" thought process as me, although he stayed at Stage #1 of that longer than I did.


Spoiler: Cj posts












@Gikkle what do you make of this^? My confidence is shattered and my night is ruined. :<Skrimiche,497,@ the cj debacle: im gonna sleep on it
and by sleep on it i mean im gonna forget about it until i remember that im playing in this game tomorrow and check the thread
o/Grones,498,Man, I have no idea, I, myself, lose half the meaning while typing up these posts

ARrghh I mean, ye be right on the trrrrreasure lass!HunterC98,499,isee that we have made a lovely circle of conversation....right where we started 'n such...10000 Jelly Doughnuts,500,You missed how he said I was scummy and then I gave a single response and he decided that was okay.

Hmmm. I don’t have an opinion on mark right now and that concerns me.Red_Pandas,501,very relatableTheHorla,502,I don't actually believe this, fyiTheHorla,503,Day 1 Votecount:
(2) nolynch: Gikkle, HunterC98
(2) cjbeats: 10000 Jelly Doughnuts, Red_Pandas
(2) gikkle: Azmimel, Grones
(1) mreevee7: Skrimiche
(1) chucklenuts: DAREALMoneyMan
(1) mitochondria: Mitochondria
(1) thehorla: Vizier
(3) Not voting: TheHorla, MrEevee7, CjBeats

You can view this votecount and all previous votecounts in the #votecounts channel in Discord.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,504,You can not believe it. I am saying this because as of this moment, it's true.

I'll go through your posts and see what I think after that.MrEevee7,505,[vote] gikkle [/vote]
@GikkleGrones,506,Argh! Well I don't be believing yer disbelief!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,507,

Spoiler: Mark's posts






PREGAME ^
---






























I think these are all of mark's post, did it by hand though so possible I missed one. Going to do a little step by step and assign arbitrary points to each post. These points add up to a fake final score that is entirely real and will determine my read.

Which will come in the next post so I can actually click on the quotes and read them as I'm drafting my response.
---

EDIT: hopefully fixed spoilers
EDIT 2: hopefully fixed spoilers?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,508,The first quarter of the day was rather weak until Mark enters in with his Pandas post, providing evidence to a joke gone awry. Nothing about the post is outstanding towny or scummy wise, although at the time it may have looked as a controversial opinion because of how everyone seemed to be whipped up into a frenzy about Pandas 'scum slip'
+1 Town Points

Asks about Pi pressuring eevee, which is incredibly NAI.

Goes back on his eevee read and admits it's impulsive, agreeing with mito. This I think marks the real end of the Eevee Pandas debate, although people would later also enforce their opinions on it.+1 Town points for admitting fault.

Dislikes a no-lynch, especially honing in on Azimel when at the time there were 4 people actually on the no-lynch train, asking none of them! I'm hesitant to call it tunneling, because it's not quite as aggressive as that, but in a couple posts down still thinks scum team could consist of Azimel, focusing on several things like Azimel considering Pandas to be jester. However, in the thread there were a fair amount of people considering jester as an option, why did Mark latch onto Azimel's posts about that and call it scummy? I feel as if there is some minor tunneling or busing here. +1 Scum points.

(Although looking at skrim's posts, they are rather weak in general, not providing reasoning until after someone calls her out on it bugs me as disinterested at the least and scummy at the most. Either way, NOT GOOD)

Mark continues to attack Azimel for things that other people did as well. +1 scum points. (Half the game was PM/setup speculating. Off the top of my head, Skrim and I did.)

Azimel sets up strawman; the argument continues. I'm now more leaning towards T/S or even T/T. I doubt S/S would use such terrible pushes to bus, and both Azimel and Mark would be fairly coordinated and careful on a bus if this were the case.

Final post is IIoA, heistant to assign scum or town intent to it, but I would argue that seems fairly out of character for him.

Final Score: 2 town points, 2 scum. An Azimel flip would be extremely helpful for resolving Mark; I think. If Az flips scum, Mark's a god-tier townie, because I don't see bussing in this scenario. If Az flips town, I'd hit mark with an investigative or a lynch.

Anyway, my thoughts on Mark. Minor ones on other people that have slipped under my radar.

---
Vizier (Arra): The vibes he gives off seem like someone rusty at mafia, not new. He has played in a couple minis here, but not ones that would justify his knowledge and apparent paranoia about lovers/cupid. I am extremely hesitant to say 'coaching' because that A: make me look like a jerk, and B: has bitten me on the butt of course. It's possible he researched and gained knowledge, and I think that my initial paranoia of 'COACHING?!!?!1!' is unfounded. Slight TR.

Hunter: TR. I have no idea how much Hunter has played before, but I'll assume he's new. He seems townie overwhelmed with learning the game. I think scum would provide more guidance in scum chat if he had rolled wolf. Of course, if Hunter does flip wolf, I think we can assume that wolves are inactive. 

Pi: Pi's town. I just feel it. Gut reasoning is of course bad, but he's acting like he does as town. 

Eevee: I think Eevee is a slight town lean for me, his confusion earlier with Pandas feels genuine. Also I don't think scum eevee naked votes like town does.HunterC98,509,If its anything worth mentioning, I was also aware of a Lovers style of role by Youtube....so that is a full possibilities.Gikkle,510,I'm not sure why you're tagging me specifically when I haven't really interacted with Cj but whatever

Also not sure if you are asking what I think of what you're saying about him or Cj in general

Your analysis is weird
One of your posts is like, why not just ask him why he picked the SR on you out of the others to question. Why make this statement without first asking Cj? Unless you did and I missed it...

I'm not too sure what the point of this analysis is if your conclusion is just "he might be town". Did you have some kind of big SR on him or something and this was supposed to be what made you turn around on that? I don't quite understand why you'd do an analysis on someone and just come up with "his progression MIGHT be natural", unless you strongly SRed them, but I don't see a reason why you would this early. 

Is this supposed to be some kind of test? I genuinely don't understand why you would make this post and not come up with a better conclusion than this.

My opinion on Cj? Idk, I haven't bothered trying to read him. Only people I've formed reads on are Mark(TR), Mito(LTR), Pandas(TR), and Eevee(LSR). Maybe someone else I've forgotten about, idk.Gikkle,511,How come you can't delete post drafts anymore :/Skrimiche,512,i did? p sure i only did it for like 2 posts before realizing it was a dead end

what other info would an azmimel flip give?

because i love you

i
...
hey @CjBeats why did you pick out the SR on me out of the others to question

i thought i had a (lightish?) scumread on him but then i lost confidence in it when i went to look at the posts that pinged me

gosh gikkle dont make me spell it out
it's 'cause im baaad ( ༎ຶ ۝ ༎ຶ )Red_Pandas,513,feeling good, might make 1 singular readGikkle,514,w.shoot Skrimiche
Mmm
Alright
What's your current read on Cj now then? Null? Light TR?
Sorry Red_Pandas,515,what do this meanGikkle,516,Information instead of analysisRed_Pandas,517,well I managed to read an entire ISO without forming any opinions at all
10000 Jelly Doughnuts,518,Information on Pandas. If Azimel flips scum, I'd say its safe to assume Pandas isn't scum.
That happens sometimes :/Skrimiche,519,if 1 is town and 10 is scum, then he's at about a 6Grones,520,Who ye ruffians be lynching?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,521,I'd be fine with a CJ or Azimel lynch for reasons stated somewhere in the thread.

Or you for the memes.HunterC98,522,about 6 hours till the notalynch happens, if someone is intent on going in the gallows, time is a running out..Gikkle,523,I think I'm top wagon rn
idek whyTheHorla,524,Why does gikkle have votes lolHunterC98,525,Oh? Welp, guess the gallows will be claiming a soul.....less folks wise up.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,526,Agreed, looks like some of them are for no reason lolRed_Pandas,527,[unvote][/unvote]TheHorla,528,Really don't understand the case against gikkle (literally none of his posts have registered with me.) Reading back, but until then [vote]No lynch[/vote]HunterC98,529,all i have on Gikkle so far is some very brazen remarks that honestly read as trying to bluff about an assigned role, and as much as i actually wanna vote for him..it just doesnt seem worth lynching in my eyes..Skrimiche,530,not me? ;O

also what
people are voting gikkle?HunterC98,531,A handful are, but right now looks like No lynch is winning.Grones,532,Yarrr! no lynching be a funny!

[vote] no lynch [/vote]TheHorla,533,You going to explain why you were originally on the gikkle wagon and are now switching off?TheHorla,534,Day 1 Votecount:
(4) nolynch: Gikkle, Grones, TheHorla, HunterC98
(1) cjbeats: 10000 Jelly Doughnuts
(2) gikkle: Azmimel, MrEevee7
(1) mreevee7: Skrimiche
(1) chucklenuts: DAREALMoneyMan
(1) mitochondria: Mitochondria
(1) thehorla: Vizier
(2) Not voting: Red_Pandas, CjBeats
The next votecount will be processed in 0.5 hours. You can view this votecount and all previous votecounts in the #votecounts channel in Discord.Grones,535,Methinks he be conspirators along the vile Skrimiche. Their RVS be more rotton than a landlubber's body left at sea.Grones,536,I be opposed to sendin ol' sailor Azimel down ye plankGrones,537,Both o' these 'ere sailors be experienced voyagers. They be from Port Chucklefish. 

Methinks yer Arra read be mighty suspiciousitious, on me grandmother's warts! Ye say ye be disregardin yer paranoia and yer seasickness, an' then ye reckon 'im a loyal sailor. If ye aint factorin in no coaching, none o'that, then what have ye to base yer read o'him? Ye mention but nothin else!TheHorla,538,Expand on this please?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,539,Why?
Yea but if someone starts playing mafia again after a break, it takes them a bit to get in the groove of things.
Also arra’s posted like 15 times, most of them being memes, calm a bit down in asking for a surefire read. I saw one post that was weird and then discounted it when I was being unreasonable.MrEevee7,540,[unvote] [/unvote]MrEevee7,541,Why are we no lynching..?Grones,542,Then why ye be readin 'im as a loyal sailor, instead o' null?Grones,543,erybody be voting Skrimiche off the plank early, an' Gikkle be mighty strange when he be doing it.


These posts be soundin' the bells o' enemy fire, methinks.

Voyagin on, he be letting out mysterious words

An' with no explanation o'er th'horizon

He be a dangerous pirate, methinksAzmimel,544,Reading up right now. One of us should be on for EoD.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,545,I said slight town read. Like so slight it nearly doesn’t matter.Grones,546,Hmmmmmm
Arrrrrrr ye suuurrrre 'bout that? Ye clearrrrly considered it important enough t'include in yer listAzmimel,547,[unvote][/unvote]

I didn't vote at all yesterday, so I'm almost certain that the Gikkle vote is from RVS.



I logged on a couple of minutes after he posted claiming mafia. I think the above is my first post of the day.I guessed this was a ploy by him to get voted, and that sharing the information about his PM was another way to make himself suspicious. It didn't matter to my argument that was he said was the truth or not, what mattered is that he decided to share it with us.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,548,I literally said above it: people who have been slipping under my radar. Smh illiterate pirate.Grones,549,Hmrrrrrr
Arghhhh
I be keepin me good eye on ye, tricksy sea dogRorschach,550,Guys remember to submit your flavors for game B, EOD is coming up and so is the deadline for that. Please submit it in your game B folder excel if possible, that automates things and makes the turnaround a lot quicker.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,551,Oh. Yea I should do that.DAREALMoneyMan,552,Just read and up and things. Not going to bother to give reads on people I didn't pay attention to. Even though I have done it in the past, I am disappointed people aren't following up on stuff they think is scummy just because jester is possible in this game. You guys are better than me!

Azmimel thingy



Spoiler: Full ISO




























































Spoiler: Notable Posts




Reported for bad takes. You are trying to rationalize his scummy behavior via "oh maybe post modifier!" 
I'd like to mention that I didn't find what Panda said about his pm not including his faction was scummy! If it was true, I feel like the other scum mates would notice, given the team follows the typical 1:4 ratio, they were missing someone. Back on topic, if you say he was being so scummy (even if obvious), why are you attempting to find an excuse for him (oh, he is probably Jester, or has a post modifier). Just because it is possible in the game does not mean you value it over dayplay. ALSO, a post modifier making you act scummy is stupid and I don't see Machine adding it. You could then chalk off all scummy behaviors to the modifier.
Because it was a joke? He was making light of the situtation?
Take note for later (referring to Panda).
It is always RVS for Panda (but I agree we shouldn't pass things off just because they say "oH it was RVS!"). You say here that you don't think he is towny, and referring to above post you said he was either village idiot or neutral. Thus, you think he is neutral in your own words. If you really thought he was neutral, why aren't you trying to see what type of neutral he is or voting him!
Town points here.

I have done this along with many other people in many other games. It is an obvious joke I:
NAI!! I don't think admitting that you made a boo boo is alignment indicative.
Refer to the post above x2
Well I don't think he really needed to say it was a joke considering it was obvious.
Too lazy to see what you are responding to here :/
Already said why this is stupid!



[vote]Azmimel[/vote]

I am also suspicious of Cj and Panda but I have other things to do. Like Bike. And Eat. And SleepDAREALMoneyMan,553,Also Mark you should give me the ISO bot!TheHorla,554,I am too tired to keep arguing here but this is another strawman. I am saying that if panda did not know his alignment, then him posting "I don't have an alignment" is obviously NAI. If you think he is lying for some reason, that is a different argument (and closer to the one you made.) When reading pandas, it matters what you thought his PM read; that is why I said you were speculating about his PM.Rorschach,555,Ryast has the ISO bot, not Mark.TheHorla,556,Ryast posted a link in #announcementsSkrimiche,557,why me owo
your post elaborating on this only had gikkle quotes

do you think azmimel & pandas are on the same scumteam or different scum alignmentsGrones,558,Gikkle be voting ye, then he be opposed t'me voting ye. It be worrying, like an ill tide.MrEevee7,559,Is there a reason were no lynching..?HunterC98,560,cause most everyone who was willing to lynch has either no voted or unvoted.Grones,561,Nightfall be in 10 minutesGrones,562,Arrrr! I be wrrrrrong! 50 minutes!Red_Pandas,563,[vote] no-lynch [/vote]
why notGrones,564,[vote] panda [/vote] 
I be a wacky pirateSkrimiche,565,bruh you made me panicHunterC98,566,I made myself panic..i thought i missed it.Skrimiche,567,[vote]no-lynch[/vote]Mitochondria,568,Refuse to vote for a D1 no lynch on principle so uh

[vote] Skrim [/vote]Mitochondria,569,Actually nah, I think Skrim's fine

[vote] Gikkle [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,570,Why Gikkle?Gikkle,571,i'm a good boi
I just like human flesh, nothing wrong with thatMitochondria,572,Bad gut feel, didn't do much of anything today, no other targets I feel strongly about right now.Mitochondria,573,Actually that's a lie, my pet theory is that Pi's scum but y'all ain't ready for that discussion yetDAREALMoneyMan,574,SameDAREALMoneyMan,575,Wait- why are we no lynching? Meh.Grones,576,I'lla turn'a you into'a pasta lasagna mama miaHunterC98,577,captain....who is this italian dude?TheHorla,578,Oh I'm ready for that discussion!


Re: today's lynch, fine with no lynch since the gikkle wagon is really weak and I'm not confident in anyone else (even azmimel) to eliminate.Rorschach,579,Esther is wheeled into the large room by a rather tall butler fellow, his tailcoats hovering so as not to touch the floor, and he carefully unfolds a little table and places it in the center of the room.

"You really chose not to lynch anyone?" Esther says distastefully, her eyes narrowing, eyelids you never knew were there stretching to do so. "You are all fools. You have one minute to kill someone. Or else." She says, as the butler places a large shotgun on the table. 

The first player to reply to this post with [SHOOT] @Player [/SHOOT] will take the gun and kill the player they tag.Grones,580,Who arrrrrre ye an' what ye done to th'real MarkTheHorla,581,Ever since gikkle and I got stats on our D1 lynch record, I've come around pretty hard in favour of D1 no-lynching when we have zero clue what to do. We used to NL all the time (and had a decent track record back then) - we should revive the practice!Grones,582,ARGHHH NOBODY TAKE TH'GUNGrones,583,IF ANY O' YE USE TH'GUN I BE HUNTIN' FOR YE TILL THE END O' ME DAYSRorschach,584,"Well? I'm waiting. If you do not do it, I will kill three of you where you stand." Esther says tersely.Gikkle,585,[SHOOT]@Rorschach[/SHOOT]TheHorla,586,Yeah, anyone who uses this gun without discussion gets lynched today.Grones,587,AAAAAAAAAADAREALMoneyMan,588,Can we kill Azmel Grones,589,AAAAAAAAAARRRDAREALMoneyMan,590,WE NEED TO CHOOSE SOMEONE OR 3 MORE DIE - I DON'T WANT TO DIEETheHorla,591,Everyone, relax. 

If machine wants us to lynch someone, then we'll do it. Do not shoot.Gikkle,592,kinda wanna shoot skrim... Not for any good reason, I've just always wanted to do it in a proper mafia game instead of a wolfia game...DAREALMoneyMan,593,but what if I shot scum :>Rorschach,594,There is no Rorschach in the game.Grones,595,How about I shoot ye, ye scalleywagGikkle,596,what happens if I shoot myselfDAREALMoneyMan,597,guys there is 1 minute until eod so we dont have time to change the wagon from no lynchGrones,598,RIP 3 people arrrrrghDAREALMoneyMan,599,I rather that then 3 random people dyingGikkle,600,[SHOOT]@Gikkle[/SHOOT]

LETS GOOORorschach,601,You lose the game if you shoot yourself.

EOD was 15 minute ago. Welcome to twilight.Grones,602,NOOOOOOOO ARGHHHGikkle,603,Great!Rorschach,604,Action not submitted properly.Grones,605,[shoot]@Mitochondria[/shoot]
GIKKLE WHY ARGHHHDAREALMoneyMan,606,WHY10000 Jelly Doughnuts,607,oh shoot, no pun intended.Gikkle,608,[SHOOT] @Gikkle [/SHOOT]DAREALMoneyMan,609,watch as mito is scum though lmaoGrones,610,I BE SO CONFUSED HELP MEEEEEGrones,611,NO 
ARGHHH STOP WHYYYYGikkle,612,You didn't do it correctly either, you fool!

SEE Y'ALL IN THE AFTERLIFE

IT'S BETTER THAN SLOWLY WALKING FOR ETERNITY TOWARDS MY ROOMDAREALMoneyMan,613,why has my post count in twilight been triple than that of dayGrones,614,[SHOOT] @Mitochondria [/SHOOT]

Arghhh! TAKE MINE NOT GIKKLE I BE THE CAP'NTheHorla,615,...Grones,616,MITO BE SCUM YARR HARR HARRGrones,617,Arghhh I be blamin' Gikkle 
He be an agent o' chaos, a bombardier10000 Jelly Doughnuts,618,What the heck was that?1Grones,619,GIKKLE BE TOWN IF HE BE SHOOTIN' 'IMSELF 

I BE SAVIN A LOYAL SAILOR ABOARD THIS VESSEL10000 Jelly Doughnuts,620,I meant with mito, but honestly thanks for the explanation for town gikkle too?TheHorla,621,gikkle is town right lol

like

there's no wayRorschach,622,
Gikkle and Grones rush for the gun, however, Grones is just a bit faster, pulling the gun out and aiming it at @Mitochondria.

The gun explodes in his face, and @Grones topples to the ground.






"That's better." Esther says. "Perhaps this will teach the rest of you to be more decisive." She says, gesturing as the butler wheels her out of the room, picking up the gun from the corpse of Grones as they pass.

Day 1 has ended.Gikkle,623,I have a thick shell skull, I can take it!Grones,624,If Gikkle be shootin' 'imself, he be violatin' the CODE! He be breakin 'is wincon, so the 'eavens be strikin 'im down in MODKILL

but he be shootin' 'imself

a negative times a negative be a positive YARRRRR 

HE LIVES!
@Rorschach LET 'IM LIVEGikkle,625,c'mon man!TheHorla,626,jfcGrones,627,????
GIKKLE BE FIRST YARRRRAzmimel,628,EXCUSE ME 

wtfGrones,629,@Rorschach Gikkle actually shot and formatted correctly before me, though.Gikkle,630,I am canonically the slowest person in this game. I will probably not make it to my room until September/October.DAREALMoneyMan,631,no role flip?Gikkle,632,^ this

I shot myself fair and square! Let it happen!Grones,633,day is over no more discussion!!!!Rorschach,634,Night has started. No further game discussion is allowed. I did not make any errors.Rorschach,635,Forgot to add the song to the Start of Night Post.
Updated.Grones,636,@Rorschach title btwRorschach,637,As you all begin to enter the main dining area for breakfast, you recognize an old, surprisingly not dead face. @Grones was fortunate, and the gunshot blast was not fatal. On the other hand... @MrEevee7 will not be joining you. Not only are both of his left legs missing, but he is in fact, dead. The poor centaur.

The stench of death is strong. There's a raven sitting on the tables. Dead. A nametag on it indicates that its name was "Clive."
A note from Esther sits with it. "Don't disappoint me today. Or I will make sure you are disappointed in yourselves."



Spoiler: MrEevee7 Flip



Virgil the Centaur, the Village Lie Detecting Oracular Vigilante



I hope you enjoy your breakfast as the sun rises...

Day will end at 4:30 PM EST on Sunday, August 8th, with a Twilight of 1.5 hours.Skrimiche,638,uh ohhhhRed_Pandas,639,that seems that it would be powerfulGikkle,640,I've totally forgotten basically everything that happened in this game

Who did we suspect again? Mito?Azmine,641,Pi, did anything happen while you were "dead"Azmimel,642,you’re on the wrong accountAzmimel,643,Wow that's crazyHunterC98,644,Oh captain my captain, are you still alive?TheHorla,645,How does Oracular work?Red_Pandas,646,by miracle, probably caused by him being coolRorschach,647,Ask question, receive answer.TheHorla,648,Was the scope of the questions limited in any way?Rorschach,649,
HunterC98,650,Answer it NOBALLSGikkle,651,Isoing myself to jog my memory as to what has happened


Spoiler: my posts












































Gikkle,652,Mark/Pandas/Grones I guess are my TRs for today? Idk I'm going with my past self

I also apparently TRed Mito but idk whyGikkle,653,ISOing Eevee for nk analysis purposes


Spoiler: Eevee ISO






























Gikkle,654,Eevee's main contribution was pushing Pandas
Some shade thrown on Mito at some point too but nothing significantGikkle,655,[VOTE]Pandas[/VOTE]

carrying on my boy eevee's legacy!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,656,The pandas argument isn't really strong at all. I wouldn't think mafia would go and try to frame Pandas by killing eevee when the read was mediocre.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,657,I'm honestly confused about the NK in general. Eevee is usually lynchbait, not a NK. What is mafia doing?Gikkle,658,Doesn't your second sentence support the pandas argument
They aren't gonna be trying to frame him, so the only real reason to kill Eevee is to silence him if pandas is scumGikkle,659,In what game was eevee killed n1 because mafia was purposefully doing weird kills
Can anyone remind meMitochondria,660,I'm gonna be honest, I forgot everything that was happening in this game

Big wtf to Pi for trying to kill me when I wasn't on at the very end of the last day phase, not a fan of that play at all. Personal feelings about getting merc'd aside, it was super impulsive and, imo, big scum energy to make a move like that.Grones,661,I lived *****Grones,662,Yarrr ye be scumGrones,663,No yarrrrrGrones,664,It was be to save Gikkle and 3 townies yarrrr

Ye be scumAzmimel,665,Any thoughts beyond thatGrones,666,The mutineers be cowards n killed a sailor who ne'er voted a soul. We be hardp'essed t'read this 'ere kill.Grones,667,He be scum
I be a soulreadin cap'nTheHorla,668,I am backAzmimel,669,I mean you soulread jelly last game so I'm almost inclined to believe you.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,670,Ah. Yea. Whoops. Sorry. Yea. That's what I mean.Rorschach,671,Hi back, I'm dad.Red_Pandas,672,Ngl I would probably be the mafia member that would be the most sacrifice-able
I don't think mafia would want to keep ,me alone so much they kill eevee just for having a slight scum read on me
if I had a powerful role maybe
but I dont think that would be the entire reason the kill happenedAzmimel,673,This post reeks of town idkGrones,674,Mafia most likely be lookin at votes
Eevee be a no-voter
they be killin 'imTheHorla,675,Sorry just quoting this post as a test10000 Jelly Doughnuts,676,What do you mean?Azmimel,677,Why would they want to kill a novoter?Grones,678,Mafia be wishin' t'lay low. They be murderin' sailors who 'ave no strong reads. Eevee ended day on no vote, yarrr!Grones,679,This be no hypothetical. Look'er at the vote counts, ye scalleywag. Eevee be never votin.Azmimel,680,Yes, but what's your pointCjBeats,681,Did not most of the lads and ladies within this establishment either not vote or vote for a no-lynch? I do not think voting is the right way to look at this.Grones,682,-_-
Ye be intentionally obtuse, yarrrrAzmimel,683,Probably, it's kinda lateGrones,684,The laws o' this ship, the Game C, be dictatin' that any sailor that be killed, be a loser. If ye wish to win this 'ere voyage, ye live. The wincons be different, and we be no-lynchin'.Red_Pandas,685,why?Red_Pandas,686,I didn't post yesterday when I first read stuff but Gikkle's vote on me purely off of continuing Eevee's legacy
it just doesn't seem like something a town would actually doRed_Pandas,687,I like azmimels posts tbhRed_Pandas,688,It feels like Eevee was pretty controversial yesterday and slightly scum read so I'm confused on why scum decided to kill EeveeRed_Pandas,689,sorry for the quintuple post O_O

I kiiiind of don't like Skrim's posts, but not enough to feel like it deserves a scumread
I think I need some others thoughts for this read
what do y'all think of Skrim?Grones,690,Ye be right, we be sendin her off the plank10000 Jelly Doughnuts,691,What’s up with Skrim?Grones,692,/shrug
YarrCjBeats,693,/shrug?Red_Pandas,694,I was thinking something a bit more specific but I guess that worksGrones,695,I be messin' with Pandas
He may be a mutineer, methinks 
"Skrimiche should die maybe? Thoughts?" 
Be the mutineer words.Red_Pandas,696,that is an extreme misinterpretation of my words, captain.Grones,697,A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P 
a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p 


yarr!Grones,698,YarrrRed_Pandas,699,yeah but then that makes it confusing to quoteGikkle,700,who da heck tripped over me last nightGikkle,701,@Red_Pandas what are your reads?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,702,Was that you lol?CjBeats,703,What doth thou mean trip?Skrimiche,704,you forgot why you scumread me, didnt youGikkle,705,was it you, Jelly?!! Very rude!CjBeats,706,Pwease Gikkle wikkle, expwain to wittle ole me.Gikkle,707,someone tripped over me CjBeats,708,I do not understand.Gikkle,709,you don't need to.CjBeats,710,HmmGrones,711,Yarrrr, I be questionin' the importance o' this voyage 

I propose a nolynch again! Yarrr!
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Gikkle,712,can't believe mafia chose eevee to lose first
they must hate eevee personally, since he wasn't even that big of a voice
wow mafia, so rude10000 Jelly Doughnuts,713,Look, I didn't mean to.Gikkle,714,I also got a pillow last night, thanks to whoever gave that to me. much comfy.Red_Pandas,715,any apparent consequences or effects?
Almost no reads tbh, but so far Pi TR and Azmimel slight tr
Pi we have to get flip info at SOME point
Agreed
any effects?Azmimel,716,Not a single sr?Red_Pandas,717,Nope, not one!Red_Pandas,718,Money has barely posted and the only post he seemed to put effort into is just weak arguments against already weak-ish points
it's not like bad-bad so I'm not sure if it is enough to make me feel like a possible S!Money or not
but it is thereRed_Pandas,719,this isn't responding to Azmimel's question, this is cause I JUST looked at Money's postsGikkle,720,who we killinTheHorla,721,[vote]Grones[/vote]

Still very loopy right now, but my reasoning right now is something like this:
- voting no lynch on D1 is an actually sound idea, but voting no lynch on D2 is bad
- him picking up the gun and shooting mito was actually really scummy
- gonna say that still being alive after being blown up is kinda scummy, despite his (feigned?) surprise todayTheHorla,722,The flip side of this argument, though, is that shooting another player is a better play than shooting yourself. Obviously what gikkle did was super townie, but he had a 100% chance of killing town; from town-pi's perspective, he had a 1/4 chance of hitting scum, which is better odds than gikkle's play.

The other tinfoil theory is that gikkle is scum, knew the thing was harmless, and shot himself for town points, but that strikes me as super unlikely.

Still overall, decent scumread on grones for now; I'll keep my vote here for now.Red_Pandas,723,I have no ideaRed_Pandas,724,The forced killing at EoD had almost no hints beforehand possibly revealing it, Mafia would almost never know whether it was real/fake unless Esther (or whoever the person was, I think thats who) is working with the mafia.
I feel like Gikkle self-shot would be extremely risky of a play from scum so that makes me feel like it was a town move.
I would have to check back but if Pi had an SR on Mito it can make sense from a town PoV
however from what I remember, and saw from reading back for reads, Mito wasn't his strongest SR at least from appearance, as compared to people like Skrim and Gikkle (iirc)

Decent point though overall, I didn't do much speculating on pi's shots so this could be a very possible thing
This also makes sense
also I keep forgetting that pi got blown up by itharass,725,never knew a new mafia game was going on
/backupTheHorla,726,I mean, I don't want to speculate too much since there's just a chance the thing was harmless for anyone. But it's a big ??? why he's still here

I also have some thoughts about his actual reads but I really need sleep, I'll post them asap tomorrow; hopefully we can get decent discussion in the last 12ish hours or so and get a decent lynchTheHorla,727,Oh yeah I forgot lol

Grones is voting no lynch even after what happened yesterday

Machine sent a clear message that no lynches -> bad, and grones is basically going "yeah let's touch that hot poker again yarrrr"Grones,728,I be forgivin Mark's votes o' me since he be dyin' and recoverin', from his landlubber vaccine.Grones,729,Also, Mito be scum.CjBeats,730,Then why not vote him instead of a no lynch?Red_Pandas,731,[VOTE] Grones [/VOTE] igGrones,732,Pandas and Mito be scum, methinks

Panda be a timid scum, he be saying this





He never be taking strong stances aboard his vessel. He be test th'waters, lookin' through a glass t'see if fellow mutineers be with 'im. 

Mito/Panda/Someone else 
Mutineerers! 

[vote] Panda [/vote]Red_Pandas,733,I never have strong stances on anything in mafia
this isnt a new thingGrones,734,Maybe so, but ye be testin' th'water to mislynch POOR SKRIMICHE YARRRRRRed_Pandas,735,"I kiiiind of don't like Skrim's posts, but not enough to feel like it deserves a scumread"
as in
"I don't have a Skrim SR because their posts aren't quite bad enough"
also don't you have a Skrim SR?Grones,736,No, I be spurrin ye on t'see what ye do
I be naked votin Skrimiche, and ye went "ok cool". That be tellin' me ye perfectly good with her bein' thrown o'erboard. If ye didn't SR her, why ye be sayin:
Hmmm? 
Yerrrrrr a scum one! Mr Grinch!Red_Pandas,737,I was trying to say "maybe elaborate on why"
worded in a passive-aggressive kind of wayGikkle,738,Why are y'all voting Grones10000 Jelly Doughnuts,739,Money's busy rn.

Pandas reads are a bit sheepish imo, I could see a scum pandas. Placeholder vote, so I don’t get punished if I didn’t vote.

Sorry, busy today. Might be on before EOD but I don’t see it. 

[Vote]Pandas[/Vote]TheHorla,740,I actually agree on the pandas read but why is Mito scum lolGrones,741,Gut and this post
YarrrrTheHorla,742,I'm a bit more sane now fyi

It's kinda suspicious that jelly is parroting pi's vote JUST as I vote grones, which I did not expect

So I see sorta two possible scum teams: pandas/azmine or jelly/piTheHorla,743,That post is fine? I would scumread you if you shot me. And Mito has barely done anything so no idea how you can have a gut read on them in any direction.Grones,744,One death wasn't enough for these mutineer traitors yarrrGrones,745,T H E G U T 

Y A R RRed_Pandas,746,Mark made some posts about it
who am I sheeping with my votes though?
that post is fine?
gut is not enough hereRed_Pandas,747,with my reads*Red_Pandas,748,im pretty sure all my reads are original except the Pi read which ofc is because of markTheHorla,749,Yeah pandas is wheeling votes iirc, he's just being super underconfidentGikkle,750,Oh wait people only lose the game when they are lynched? Not when nked I guess according to the wording of the ruleTheHorla,751,Should read "isn't sheeping"Gikkle,752,Spring has sprung?Azmimel,753,S-Skrim is scum?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,754,Okay on lunch (not lynch, phone) break. Let me explain my pandas read, because I didn’t even see pi’s post really in depth.

Pandas feels noncommittal in any of his reads, which isn’t AI in itself, but then he asks about Cash. Cash, who is out of the game entirely rn, has been immune to lynches and what not afaik, and tries to get suspicion on him. That’s something pretty hard to miss, and I feel like pandas is trying to make a distraction somehow. Therefore scum.

Pi’s scummy too imo, but I have that weird feeling he could be jester and hope someone would be kind enough to kill him.Azmimel,755,oh we’re doing this again, are we?Azmimel,756,From machine on the discord

"
@Player i am making the executive decision to extend day 24 hours due to some housekeeping issues I need to deal with potentially preventing me from having internet during day end.

Day will now end at 4:45 on Monday, with a twilight of 1.5 hours. 

Game B will start 15 minutes after twilight ends in games A&C.
"Mitochondria,757,[vote] Pi [/vote]

Barring a dramatic new development, my vote's probably not moving. Mark kinda stole my thunder, but here are the main reason's Pi's probably scum:
-Again, the gun play was terrible. I'm biased, yeah, but I've never been in a situation where someone's been killed right at EoD when they can't defend themselves by town. Huge town points for Gikkle for his response; Gikkle, if you're scum then congrats, you pocketted me.

-Voting for someone immediately after Mark called him out for no lynching is a bad look imo. I also think it's odd he went for Pandas instead of me (and the no lynch instead of me yesterday) considering half his posts are about he soulreads me as scum. Why is he shading me (and trying to daykill me lol) instead of getting a wagon going?

-As I said yesterday, Pi's D1 play was blegh. I can go back through the posts and find examples of all these things if anyone really wants, but I remember disliking how much he was/is controlling the thread and discussion (shooting down discussion topics he didn't like, e.g. some CJ/Jelly (?) argument from yesterday, trying to railroad my death at EoD yesterday, etc.). My pet theory is that the pirate modifier's faked so he can seem more entertaining (thus more townie) and get away with having leaps in logic by blaming misinterpretations of his post on the modifier.

Unrelated question but @Gikkle was your human flesh problem resolved last night?Grones,758,Machine be threatenin t'kill 3 people. Gikkle conftown. You? Probably scum. Yarrrr it be the best play aboard the vessel


Gettin' ye lynched be a fool's errand. easier t'get yer fellow mutineer.



Idk what this be meanin' so I be ignorin' it.

I be willin' t'hop off th'plank, but absolutely kill Mito and Panda after I flip Town yarrrr harrrGrones,759,This lynch o'me be very strrrrange. Scum motivated, obviously. Mito and Panda be needin' t'die, ye landlubbers'll see. Yarrrrrr

Last scum (if there) be unknown t'me.Grones,760,NoGrones,761,My role be verrrrrrry scummy so I be not claimin even if I be fixin' t'die. If I die, I die. I won't be winnin even if town be winnin' but I be biased, anywhoo, so do be sendin Mito and Panda off th'boat when I be gone.

Rid me o'this cursed post modifier
[vote] Panda [/vote]Red_Pandas,762,When did I ask about cash
the person I actually asked about was Skrim, Cash is just the one who I have the least of a read on out of the players I've looked at.
I actually have been forgetting that Cash is immune to stuff, but I don't even want to Lynch them so that shouldn't even matter right now
Don't use the extremely slim possibility of a jester to avoid a Lynch on them
If you could explain why he's more scummy then you that would be great
If you think there are 2 scum you know of it shouldn't matter much who you decide to kill
this doesn't make sense from town
What is this
Bad
ScummyRed_Pandas,763,Anyone else find it extremely weird that Gikkle is just now theorizing about this, instead of on day 1?

(also just noticed @Rorschach thread title is incorrect I think)Grones,764,I don't really wanna reply to this bc none of the things you said mean anything
I feel like youre purposefully misunderstanding my posts or just asking questions to appear like you're open to changing your mind, when you really just want a mislynch.

Anyways, imma dip for rest of day because I don't really understand what game C is even for? And with Mark and Mito trying to get me lynched, I'm probably dead anyways, which ofc means I lose the game and idc about town winning if I lose, cuz im a wacky selfish biatch. Anywhoo, kill Panda and Mito afterwards.

Yarrrr!Rorschach,765,When they die.Rorschach,766,Shhhhh nooooo its perfect definitely says Day 2Gikkle,767,The fact you find it weird is weird because I just went back to look at the rules and that's why I'm talking about it lolGikkle,768,I still have a craving for human flesh, but I wouldn't call it a problem.Skrimiche,769,grones town
won't be on for most of today (or this week in general tbh) but let it be known!Skrimiche,770,grones town bc he's not acting like he does as scum (from what i remember, anyways; dont rly use/pay attention to meta personally)Red_Pandas,771,You're dodging everything I said in the post, by saying I'm misunderstanding your posts. (If we're both misunderstanding each other this much that would be bad but I don't see exactly how I'm misunderstanding what you're saying.)
If you really think I'm misunderstanding your posts in a way that's harmful to the town right now, you should be correcting what you said or what I misunderstood about it. If I'm getting everything wrong I really would like to know that.
Also referring to me voting someone I SR as "wanting a mislynch" is very scummy to say imo
I can't even explain how bad this sounds
Hm, must be me then.
I just feel like half-way through D2 is a weird time to be looking back at the rules
This doesn't make sense to meTheHorla,772,Reading upRorschach,1,[No mods this is not a duplicate it makes sense if you play the game. I'm sorry that my initial setup looks like spam. We'll be using all three threads. They're not the same.]






The rain falls steadily, the castle rising up.

The carriage we follow in this wet muck sprays up mud every few yards or so, drenching any passerby more than they were before. The rickety shaft of the undercarriage creaks and groans, before the vehicle eventually comes to a stop, the horses pulling it whinnying in annoyance.

Yet another dark carriage in the line tonight, outside the front gate. Some of their inhabitants were invited and came readily...others...not so much.
Thrown in like sacks of potatoes. Today the thunder does not rush across the landscape. For this is a sad day. This is a day someone dies.

This is Mafia.

Please read the following information carefully. Many rules are not the same, and the setup is atypical from what you are familiar with. Do not sign up until you have read how to sign up.



Spoiler: What is Mafia?



Mafia is all about lies and charisma, or at least synthesized charisma. The game typically follows a cycle of discussion whereupon a player is voted out of the game, followed by a cycle where silence reigns, and players may submit their actions which could include such types of things as protection, killing, or investigation.

The game is normally composed of 2 main factions, an uninformed majority, traditionally referred to as "town" or "village," and an informed minority known as "mafia" or "wolves." The wolves' goal is to equal or outnumber the townies, while the town's goal is to eliminate all wolves.

Sometimes there are additional alignments, such as additional mafia factions, or third party roles which can win with any side, or with nobody else.






Spoiler: The General Rules



These rules do not follow a priority system. They are considered sacred, and will not take precedence over one another. These rules may be pre-empted by more game-specific rules, but unless you are explicitly told otherwise either in an official DM by me, or by a specific rule governing a thread posted by me, these rules are hard and fast.

Obey all rules associated with the forum.
Do not discuss the game outside of this thread or host-approved DMs.
Play towards you or your alignments win condition.
Do not post anything in the thread after you die. Memes are fine, as long as they are not game related in any way.
Do not post game related stuff during the cycle at which actions are traditionally resolved. (This is normally referred to as a "night" phase.)
Do not post anything I send you in a DM in any way. This includes copy-pasting, screenshotting or capturing images in any other way. I will give you explicit permission if you are allowed to share something. Otherwise, assume you are not.
Paraphrasing things is fine.
You may not delete your posts, nor edit the post such that the content of the post's meaning is changed. This means only fix grammatical or spelling mistakes if you are editing your posts.
This game will be run across three threads. You will only need to keep track of 2, and only one of those two will have discussion at a time. (Traditionally referred to as a "day" phase.)
As a moderator, I am not bound to always tell the truth. I will avoid lying where possible, but to keep the integrity of the setup, it may necessitate explicitly lying about certain functionalities until they have been triggered.
Nights will be action phases, while days will be discussion phases.
Alignments in other threads are not indicative of alignments in this thread, and vice-versa.
I will not respond to in thread tags.
I will not answer questions in thread.
I will not read questions in thread.
I will respond to my oldest DMed question first. So if you spitfire, sorry it's just I gotta handle the load in one order or another.
You may not discuss a different game in a different thread. (No discussing Game A in Game B's thread.)
This includes Game A/C Combos. Even if you're not playing in both, you may not discuss the one you're not in in your host thread.

I could lie and say that flavor isn't alignment indicative, but that would be a lie. Flavor could be alignment indicative. Or role indicative. Or both.
Duplicates are possible. Even flavor duplicates.

Vote ties are not necessarily handled the same way cycle to cycle or game to game. If not specified at the start of a cycle, assume that it is whoever was at the higher number of votes the longest.
If Player A has 8 votes and Player B has 7 votes, then someone votes player B, player A is still lynched.
If instead someone unvotes player A, player A is still lynched.

No roles are banned from play. This includes OG Jester which kills everyone when it wins.
The bot is doing vote counts. (Thanks Mark.)
Due to the nature of the setup, hydras are discouraged but not outlawed.
THERE IS NOT DEAD CHAT. 
THERE IS NO SPECTATOR'S CHAT.
YOU DO NOT RECEIVE THE ROLE LIST UPON DEATH. 
YOU MAY NOT DISCUSS THE GAME UPON DEATH.




The following three spoilers will discuss specific rules that are different between the three concurrent games. Signing up for game A or game C will also sign you up for game B.


Spoiler: Rules: Game A



As with the previous rules section, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game A's thread specifically.

The capacity of players in this thread must be at a maximum, one less than the capacity of players in Game C. For preference, this game will have two less players than Game C. It runs most optimally with 9 or more players.
Being lynched in this game means you lose the game. Winners get to live to tell about it. Losers do not.
The game follows a traditional layout of Day Discussion and Night Actions. Cycles will last approximately 48 hours each (Night=48hrs, Day=48hrs), but will be updated at the start of each cycle to clarify as needed.
The order of operations for this game is hidden. As such, you will not receive it if asking.
The "town," or uninformed majority faction will be referred to as the mafia. The informed minority will be referred to under any of the following names: "werewolf," "sleeper agent," "wolf,"or "machine why is this so unnecessarily confusing"






Spoiler: Rules: Game B



As with the previous rules sections, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game B's thread specifically.

The capacity of players in this thread is at a minimum the summation of the number of players in Games A & C.
Atypical of traditional mafia games, the discussion phase will be referred to as "Night" while the action phase will be referred to as "Day." Cycles will last 48 hours each. (Day will be 48 hours, Night will be 48 hours)
This game will start on "Day 1," meaning it will start on an action phase.
No roles will be handed out for this game until the end of Day 1's cycle. Roles will be assigned as follows:
During Day 1, you will choose a player in the game, and a flavor for them. A role will be assigned based upon that flavor.
Flavors should be something you would borrow or rent from a library or archive. This could include any of the following types of items:
Books
Movies
Music
Journalism
Photography
Or others...

You may not choose yourself as the player to receive the flavor.
You may not coordinate to ensure that everyone receives a flavor. Some books are not yet written...
If a player receives multiple flavors, they may experience any of the following:
Be given the option to select one.
Automatically redirect the flavor onto someone else.
Receive all flavors as their flavor.








Spoiler: Rules: Game C



As with the previous rules sections, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game C's thread specifically.

The capacity of players for this thread is at a minimum, one more than those in Game A. It works best, however, with 11 or more players.
If you are lynched in this game, you are considered to have lost. Winners get to eat cake, and the dead do not eat...or do they?
The game follows a traditional layout of Day Discussion and Night Actions. Cycles will last approximately 48 hours each (Night=48hrs, Day=48hrs), but will be updated at the start of each cycle to clarify as needed.
The rules for this game are subject to update. At the start of each day or night, any updates will be shared in that start post.






Spoiler: Links to Games A, B, & C



Game A
Game B
Game C





Spoiler: Important Mod Posts



PreGame: Flavor Announcements
Day 1 Start
Day 1 End
Night 1 Start
Day 2 Start



Game C:


Spoiler: Living Players



@Gikkle
@10000 Jelly Doughnuts
@Azmimel
@Grones
@Skrimiche
@Red_Pandas
@DAREALMoneyMan
@Mitochondria
@TheHorla
@HunterC98
@CjBeats
@Vizier





Spoiler: Dead Players



@MrEevee7 (Night 1)





Spoiler: Backups



@Venusaur
@Illwei





Spoiler: Spectators



Thaum is the only person allowed to spectate.





Spoiler: Previous Games



Game I
Game II - Minecraft Edition
Game III - Minecraft Mobs
Game IV - Blitz Mafia
Game V - Food Mafia
Game VI - Music Mafia
Game VII - Super Smash Bros
Game VIII - Pokemon
Game IX - Terraria Edition
Game X - Mega Walls
Game XI - Video Game Music Mafia
Game XII - Yu-Gi-Oh
Game XIII - Time Travel Mafia
Game XIV - Night of the Living Goo’s
Game XV - The Library
Game XVI - Kits and Classes U-Pick
Game XVII - Star Wars
Game XVIII - Greater Idea Mafia
Game XIX - Comic Book Edition
Game XX - Chaos Rising
Game XXI - Final Fantasy: ExDeath’s Summon
Game XXII - Hypixel Mafia Players Mafia
Game XXIII - Night of the Living Goos: Part 2
Game XXIV - Pokemon Edition
Game XXVI - Murder in the Northlands
Game XXVII - Video Games
Game XXVIII - Desolate
Game XXIX - Amusement Park Mafia
Game XXX - Restaurant Mafia
Game XXXI - Night of the Living Goo’s Part 3
Game XXXII - Mark’s Hydra Hell
Game XXXIII - Alliance Mafia
Game XXXIV - Ancient Rome Mafia
Game XXXV - Space Mafia
Game XXXVI - Summer Vacation
Game XXXVII - Dawn of War (DnD)
Game XXV - Hypixel Mafia Players Mafia 2
Game XXXVIII - Applying to College
Mini-Mafia 3: Logical Fallacies Edition
Game XXXIX - Evolution Mafia
Game XL - Don’t Starve Mafia
Game XLI - Historical Figures U-Pick
Game XLII - The Suffering Game
Game XLIII - Minecraft Mafia
Mini-mafia 4: King Edition
Mini-mafia 5: Chess Edition
Mini-mafia 6: Meme Mafia 1
Game XLIV - Finale
Game XLV - Year Long Mafia
Mini-mafia 7: Ryast’s Mini
Mini-mafia 8: Jojo’s Bizarre Mafia
Mini-mafia 9: Persona 5
Mini-mafia 10: Kirby’s Mafia Adventure
Mini-mafia 11: Meme Mafia 2
Mini-mafia 12: Playing Cards
Mini-mafia 13: Profound Mafia
Game XLVI - DEFCON Mafia
Game XLVII - A Forgotten Temple
Game XLVIII - Halloween in January
Game XLIX - Mafia Hotel
Game L - A Test of Faith
Game LI - Evolution Mafia 2
Mini-mafia 14: Operating Room
Mini-mafia 15: Diffusion of Power
Mini-mafia 16: Simulation Mafia
Game LII: Conspiracy Mafia
Game LIII: The Legend of Zelda Mafia


TheHorla,2,What's Carpe Jugulum?Rorschach,3,Seize the throat.Azmine,4,HypeGrones,5,Game CDAREALMoneyMan,6,Why is Ryast in both games A and C Grones,7,Shouldn't this be Game C? Also, why is Ryast in both games A and C?Rorschach,8,Cause I'm not very good at hitting backspace a ton of times after copy/paste decides to put an extra space between every line.Rorschach,9,Rectified.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,10,Let's go!Rorschach,11,HOKIES!!!

BA DA DA DA DA DA DAAAAAAAAAAAAAA DUMMMMMMMHunterC98,12,Welp, the games are fixing to begin eh?TheHorla,13,Quick test here:

[vote]mark[/vote]DAREALMoneyMan,14,Quick, hammer mark pregame

[vote]mark[/vote]TheHorla,15,[vote]ryast89[/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,16,Pregame RVS?Skrimiche,17,eRorschach,18,




Esther surveys the room from her high backed chair, her gaunt frame unnerving. The room is littered with damp sacks, some of you climbing out of them. Some of you have been here for a while, chatting idly over tea. In the center of the room is a large cage, covered in a cloth, something rattling at it from the inside. 

"Welcome...to the game. Everyone. You have been briefed on the rules, and if not...well. They are publicly available to you." Esther says, pulling out a pen and holding it, pointing to a bulletin on the wall with the rules. "When you choose who to lynch for today, Chef says he's on vacation. So unfortunately we'll just have to drop them in there." She says, smiling thinly, pointing to the cage in the center of the room, where something growls from the inside. "Well...I shan't keep you...You must have so much to discuss..."

Day 1 starts Now. It ends at 7:45 pm, EST on August 3rd. Twilight will last until 9pm of the same day.Grones,19,Yarrr me hearties! Aweigh anchor and set sail for hammertown!Skrimiche,20,what is up gamersGikkle,21,10000 Jelly Doughnuts,22,[Vote]Skrim[/Vote]
!Gikkle,23,[VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE]Rorschach,24,@Gikkle
@10000 Jelly Doughnuts
@Azmimel
@Grones
@Skrimiche
@Red_PandasGikkle,25,Great minds think alike!Rorschach,26,@Red_Pandas
@DAREALMoneyMan
@Mitochondria
@TheHorla
@MrEevee7Rorschach,27,@HunterC98
@CjBeats
@VizierGrones,28,[vote] Skrim [/vote] make the wench walk the plank!Gikkle,29,Bandwagon moment
susVizier,30,[Vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts[/Vote]Grones,31,yar har har, ye landlubbers got no mind for naval strategy like ye ol' capt'nVizier,32,CAPTAIN!Skrimiche,33,im feeling like absolute buttcheeks so im not actually gonna play the game /sGrones,34,AYE ME HEARTYSkrimiche,35,not sure why a townie would post this even in RVS. seems like something only scum would do for townpointsVizier,36,LOOK!Grones,37,NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NOGikkle,38,Ah... I am so hungry... But food is so far away....Skrimiche,39,ehh, the game's barely started, doesnt really seem alignment-indicative to me. just a heehoo funnee attemptSkrimiche,40,just because it's RVS doesnt mean scum cant slip. i see zero reason for a town!skrim to have posted thatSkrimiche,41,like i said, it was probably just them trying to crack a joke.

+ other people have done similar things in the thread. why havent you been going after them?TheHorla,42,hey guys remember 3 votes is actually nearly halfway to hammer lolGrones,43,Alas me hearties, the lass "Skrimiche" is but a scurvy landlubber stranded at sea, lost her mind.Skrimiche,44,where? i havent seen anyone else try to deflect suspicion off of themselves with a flimsy AtE excuse. if im wrong then go quote themMrEevee7,45,[vote] mito [/vote]Gikkle,46,look at this person, talking to themselves. Insanity!

Though, I myself don't actually have any idea whats going on. Where am I?Skrimiche,47,this is just a waste of time. i shouldnt have to hunt them down for you

[VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE] stop being hypocritical with your readsGikkle,48,[VOTE]MrEevee7[/VOTE]Skrimiche,49,annnnd there's the chainsaw defense! found another scum. [VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE]MrEevee7,50,Omgus
[Vote] gikkle [/vote]TheHorla,51,Skrim you're making me giggle lolSkrimiche,52,but you voted mito?Grones,53,ye be at sea, but that be already beknownst to ye, ye conspirator. Ye and that lass Skrimiche be pirates flying the jolly rodger on open seas!

[Vote] Gikkle [/vote]Skrimiche,54,oh wait i see
disregard silly ol meMrEevee7,55,[vote] grones [/vote]TheHorla,56,What the **** is that pfpMrEevee7,57,Are you townHunterC98,58,crunchitize me capn.

Wait, hows the quote thingie work if the click quote doesnt quote?Vizier,59,Groan

Skrim is confusing me.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,60,THEY COME TO THIS PLACE WHEN THEY KNOW THEY AREN'T PURE!TheHorla,61,
Who are you guys?Rorschach,62,Hunter
ArraTheHorla,63,I repeat the question.HunterC98,64,wazuuuuuuupRorschach,65,From Chucklefish. They're in the discord.Grones,66,Ye click th'reply button, ye freshwater politicianVizier,67,Poyo!TheHorla,68,aaaahhhhhHunterC98,69,oooooooooh...well what does the quote thingie do?Skrimiche,70,no

sorry ;-;TheHorla,71,:Waves:HunterC98,72,skrim is an adorable bat, i see no problems.Grones,73,All yer quotes be stowed away below decks, ye press "insert quotes" to rouse those lazy landlubbers and bring em to yer postMitochondria,74,more like
amiright fellas???Vizier,75,Amgry Poyo.HunterC98,76,ahh, gotcha, thank you!Grones,77,[vote] mito [/vote] this mitochondria science wizardry be black magic, a terrible omen from the heavens, take him to the plank!Azmimel,78,Hi friendsMitochondria,79,oh captain my captain, if you wish for me to die, then die I shall

[vote] Mito [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,80,I would be very suspicious about the votes nearly getting a hammer this time, but I remember this game runs smaller than what we’re used to.HunterC98,81,yeah....i'll call that pun a lynchable offense...
[Vote] mito [vote]Azmimel,82,Quick hammer mito?Mitochondria,83,do it you won't10000 Jelly Doughnuts,84,For future reference, you got to have the slash at the start of the second vote.

just in case that helpsAzmimel,85,No, cause I appreciate that game C gets to say mito is hereHunterC98,86,Ahh....whoops.
[Vote] mito [/vote]

Edit: just to say i properly voted.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,87,Fair enough, but do you have any reasoning why you did that in the first place beyond random voting?HunterC98,88,nothing beyond a sinful punAzmimel,89,Scum team

Eevee
Mito
Panda
SkrimGrones,90,Throwing jests to the wolves, methinks Gikkle and Skrim be conspirators, plotting vile mutiny!

This be a landlubber's shot at pretending not to know the wench, typical freshwater lies. Gikkle may be a scurvy bastard, but he's the eye of the crow's nest for wizardry, no use pretendin to be a fool. Away with them! 

[vote] Gikkle [/vote]Grones,91,Skrim be a vile, lying lass, a stowaway here for vile mutiny!Gikkle,92,I have literally no idea what you're saying.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,93,Scum team:

Grones
Mark
Panda
YouAzmimel,94,Yeah id be okay with that10000 Jelly Doughnuts,95,That would be a stacked team.Grones,96,More lies! Yar har har! Ye be foolin us to think yer heads filled with saltwater!Azmimel,97,Exactly, I wouldn't mind. Except Mark would get lynched too earlyGikkle,98,I admit it, it was a lie. I don't have "no" idea, since I did have SOME idea. I apologize for this horrible offense, second mate. But your pirate speech is confusing, so I don't quite understand what you're trying to say...Azmimel,99,Lynch all liars!

[Vote] gikkle [/vote]Rorschach,100,Before someone asks again.

The town/village win condition is to:
1. Survive
2. Remove all threats to town.Vizier,101,Aye, this is a mutiny capn. Hand over all the bananas and gunpowder.

[Vote] Grones [/vote]HunterC98,102,i vote we test the captain for scurvy.DAREALMoneyMan,103,There is an impostor among us, and he is ourselves

[vote]chucklenuts[/vote]TheHorla,104,Oh, since we're all talking funny:

Heyday ho

pleasen no lynch mesa. Grones isa mafia, mesa thinkHunterC98,105,i wont lie...i was very tempted to change my vote over for the jarjar talk10000 Jelly Doughnuts,106,[Vote]Mark[/Vote]
Jar Jar speaking should be a policy lynch.Red_Pandas,107,


Azmimel,108,I personally am a fan or itVizier,109,Die, they must. 

[Vote]Mark[/Vote]Mitochondria,110,Why?Azmimel,111,I dont think he's randomly accused someone based on gut yet, that's a big tellGrones,112,YE WRETCHED BABOON! I'LL HAVE YE AS SHARK FEED ERE THE WIND CHANGES! 
[vote] Vizier [/vote]Grones,113,I be a lying, murdering, pillaging captain, but no mafia ever lay in me bunk with me. Me hands be clean.Mitochondria,114,Eh, maybe, but I think Pi's been fine so far. The only Pi-adjacent post that I haven't liked thus far is this one from Gikkle:

And I really can't explain why. Something about the post's tone (too serious? too dismissive? idk) just rubbed me the wrong way when I was skimming through.Grones,115,Gut? Gut?! I'll gut ye like a fish, ye scallywag.HunterC98,116,fair thinking, but is that a tell?Mitochondria,117,The Gikkle post? Obviously it's too early to really tell but I think it could be, weirdly defensive or dismissive responses to anything that could be perceived as an attack definitely isn't uncommon scum behavior.Red_Pandas,118,ikr I am so goodRed_Pandas,119,I think pi's pirate talk is funny and therefore Pi is hard town
I will not listen to any opposing argumentGrones,120,That post by that wretched mutineer Gikkle mayhaps be the fruit of his heavens-imposed speech impediment. He be playing the part of a confused, sun-dazed landlubber, away at sea, and far from his lass, for far too long. Aye, I remember when I was but a wee lad aboard the HMS Bictory, just a wee deck swabber I was, a cabin boy. Sick to the guts!Red_Pandas,121,gikkle instant scum for no pirate speakGrones,122,Me first mate rises!Red_Pandas,123,anyways, [VOTE] Rorschach [/VOTE]
I really can't shake off the feeling that they've somehow orchestrated this all
what exactly they may be planning is beyond me, but I know they're up too somethingMitochondria,124,nah, he wasn't doing the confused act for his first three posts of the gameHunterC98,125,how many times were you told to scrub the poopdeck?Red_Pandas,126,Aye, captain!Rorschach,127,Quite a few times unfortunately. On his first day he took the name a little too literally...Mitochondria,128,this is a dumb speculation read, but i think there will be scum among the people with post modifiers (and if one flips scum, the other(s) are prob town)Red_Pandas,129,TMI??
No post modifiers are in sight I think this is tmi!!Mitochondria,130,based, you got meHunterC98,131,post modifiers?Mitochondria,132,pi's pirate posting, skrim's schizophrenia posting, maybe gikkle's confused postingMitochondria,133,Post modifiers are basically just any parts of a person's role that require them to format all their posts in a certain way.HunterC98,134,ahhhh, gotcha...Gikkle,135,I think I'm more hungry than confused, to be quite honest.Grones,136,Mayhaps she be a truly disturbed lass, afflicted by rot of the brain, not a "post-modifier"Grones,137,Me life at sea as a young cabin boy was torturous! But now I be the most feared pirate and used car salesman in the seven seas!Mitochondria,138,You didn't seem very hungry in these posts


Is there any way anyone can give you food to help you out?TheHorla,139,Nosa reason, me just needed sometten to sayen in disa amusen translatorGikkle,140,I don't have a post modifier, I think. I'm actually not really sure yet. We'll have to wait and see.Mitochondria,141,okay fair

i'm so sorryGrones,142,Mito smells afoul to me, alike a gutted fish left out to rot in the Sun. Only good to throw overboard! Mito ne'er defends a soul 'cept when he be a foul mutineer! He be seekin to put the cap'n in his trouser pockets! Hardy yar yar!TheHorla,143,It's okeedayMitochondria,144,hey i can be selfless HunterC98,145,oh? Do you have early automobiles? im a big fan of the older models...Gikkle,146,Well... There is ONE way... But you might not like it... You see, it involves human flesh...Grones,147,[unvote] [/unvote] 
Yar Marky! Is this be the way to unvote, to appease the god of the seas, "vote count bot"?Grones,148,Aye we carry anything a landlubber would desire in their dark, nasty, landlubber heartMitochondria,149,How much human flesh?Grones,150,The only powerhouse on this ship will be used combustion engines! Yar har!TheHorla,151,YesaHunterC98,152,oh good..ill have to come and do some perusing for anything of interest...Grones,153,Methinks Hunter be loyal to the cap'n. He be returnin to the high seas after years of being away, surely he be wary and lurking beneath the depths, if he were a mutineer! Timid, scouting the waters! But he be in the fray, fighting with his cutlass like the best of us!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,154,I didn’t even consider Pi’s posting to be a restriction, I just thought he was like that this game.

I may be stupid, lol.

But anyway, I don’t think restrictions are AI at all, I can’t see mito’s argument tbh.Gikkle,155,Well... The exact amount remains to be seen.Gikkle,156,I thought we were just doing this for fun, to be honest.TheHorla,157,Me'm finden disa so fun dat me think me'm goen to keep it tup.Grones,158,It be no restriction! I be struck down by the heavens with this curse, but I will become more power than you could possibly imagine!






Yar har, I drifted to the wrong franchise, for a moment there lads. The sun and years at sea be taking a toll on this cap'n's mind.Grones,159,Away with ye, ShylockVizier,160,What if I need a new ship?Grones,161,Take yerself to the shipyards then, ye scurvy dog! This cap'n sells only used cars!HunterC98,162,i be a little rusty with my sword, more akin to my pistols and muskets..10000 Jelly Doughnuts,163,Did my car’s warranty expire yet?Grones,164,O not yet, no lass! But ye must be here for yer car's extended warranty! For a mere 9000 gold pieces, yer vehicle be warranted and safe to ride the streets of Port Royal for years (two years) to come! Ah! To the plank with years! Fork over yer firstborn and yer car be warranted for a decade!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,165,Sorry, my firstborn has a contractual obligation already.HunterC98,166,ooooh, is that the new payment method?Grones,167,Damn that thieving Rumplestiltskin! That scurvy dog! Freshwater kleptomaniac! Stealing me customers!Red_Pandas,168,technically my role pm never said what alignment I am so I may be scumSkrimiche,169,explain owoSkrimiche,170,sussy
[VOTE]Red_Pandas[/VOTE]Grones,171,
Scarrrrred arrrre ya?MrEevee7,172,Sadly no
I dont think any one of those is actually a post modifier tbh except maybe pi
When u claim neutral:
[vote] panda [/vote]MrEevee7,173,If you can prove you arent neutral evil you can stay alive for nowCjBeats,174,IM ALIVE.
IM KICKIN. 
I AM HERE.

I get to play with Mito uwu, how exciting. And my boy arra, who I shall defend with my life.


mfw10000 Jelly Doughnuts,175,That’s concerning10000 Jelly Doughnuts,176,Sadge, CJ forgets about me and Pi.CjBeats,177,Fear not my good jelly, I have not forgotten thee. I simply never play with the boy arra so it brings me much joy and excitement. OHO AND THE HUNT IS HERE TOO WHAT A GLORIOUS DAY. THIS GAME SHALL BE A SPLENDID GAME OF CAMARADERIE AND BETRAYAL.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,178,You mean trolling at an advanced level?CjBeats,179,I do not understand what you mean by that my good Jelly.Vizier,180,
Mh. No like.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,181,Oh. You will 

Gut, based on nothing, read: Gikkle town.Red_Pandas,182,yeah
well im obviously not neutral, because im mafia.
yeah maybeSkrimiche,183,i thought you said you didn't know your alignmentRed_Pandas,184,yeah but I got the mafia chat so im good nowSkrimiche,185,oh okay sweetSkrimiche,186,hey now wait just a diddily darn second here

did it not say your alignment in the title of your pm??Red_Pandas,187,I mean who knows, I COULD be a secret hidden neutral in the mafia chatRed_Pandas,188,why
why would it
be in the title?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,189,Pandas obvious jester?Vizier,190,Jesters win if they die by vote...Right?Red_Pandas,191,tbh I kind of think this is some sort of scum slip 
I dont know exactly how that would work but im sure thats not how the pms workRed_Pandas,192,I agree10000 Jelly Doughnuts,193,Yes. And Machine's a fan of the original jester that kills everyone else when they die.Red_Pandas,194,that sounds really exciting tbh I think you guys should vote me10000 Jelly Doughnuts,195,Nah, we'll NK you instead 

Someone's a vig, right?Skrimiche,196,@10000 Jelly Doughnuts is your alignment in the title of your pm/file?

sure it is!Azmimel,197,I don’t think we should lynch pandas today, but we should just shoot him. 10000 Jelly Doughnuts,198,It's just labeled 'Game C' and has the role contained within. 

Although I notice a lot of spelling and grammar errors within the file, so I think machine was in a rush or something. Dunno. What's it like for everyone else?Skrimiche,199,inb4 he made them all different so people couldn't cheese the gameSkrimiche,200,oh i see
i meant the name of your role pm file, not the hypixel pmAzmimel,201,are you that nervous about a joke post? don’t like that :3
That’s a good point.

Skrim/Gikkle/Mark/Pi

do any of you actually have a post modifier or are you just joking?Azmimel,202,we all made the pms so that would be NAI anyway

also don’t feel like we should be doing this to solve the game : (Red_Pandas,203,I haven't checked my file
ohh that makes much more senseMrEevee7,204,You know town isnt called mafia this game right?
Didnt machine say there are no jesters?Azmimel,205,maybe his post modifier is that he has to lie all the time? can’t see how this would be a good jester play. It’s way too obvious; I think something else has to be going on here.MrEevee7,206,You requested machine for a normal role pm tho so you dont have a file10000 Jelly Doughnuts,207,Lmao probably.
TBH, that's a pretty scummy thing to say. I've not seen town non-ironically say that.
Machine said that *anything* could be on the rolelist afaik. I could have misread the rules, but I think he said earlier that anything goes.Skrimiche,208,why would i be nervous because of you  

re: post modifier - joke

what do you suggest instead then
cause i dont have anything elseGrones,209,Aye me heartie! I be a cap'n and a used car salesman! Yarrrr!Skrimiche,210,why are we assuming people have post modifiers and using that to determine alignments/roles .-.Grones,211,Yarrr ye be a rude wench, ye be speakin to Mel10000 Jelly Doughnuts,212,Even if Pi has a post restriction, he's having too much fun and I love it. Lock town for wholesomeness.Azmimel,213,Idk, you’re the one who asked me to explain reads made during RVS. Why ask me to explain these reads and not the other one I made after it?? 
there were enough people acting like they had post modifiers that I thought it was a possibility.

remember pi’s worldeater role?Azmimel,214,heyyy do you have a post modifier or nah?Grones,215,It be a fool's errand to affix our spyglasses on th'heavens-cursed speeches. It be the gods playing a jest on ourrrrrr lives! Next scurvy rat to say a worrrrrd gets to be a man overrboarrrd!HunterC98,216,am i a joke to you?HunterC98,217,Redeemed. All is forgiven.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,218,Everytime I read your signature, I want a burger. Dang you.Grones,219,Avast me hearties! The signature be needin an update!Azmimel,220,do you like our pfp?? i picked it out please compliment me Azmimel,221,can’t dislike posts yet : (Skrimiche,222,for anyone else who was wondering if this was actually true or not:
///////
ily mel but my point still stands xoxo

duh, because i only care about things regarding me. uwu

i think the odds of another post modified worldeater are too low to give significant thought to atmAzmimel,223,love u too 
You ask why I thought post modifiers could be indicative of alignment/role and that was my first thought. my point is that if they are real we shouldn’t brush them to the side.Grones,224,th'signaturrrre be amended forrrr th'high seas!Skrimiche,225,ehh
i still dont think theyre important (or at least not something to be focusing on for today). only one person (grones) could be argued to have one. what does that tell you?Grones,226,It be tellin ye I be th'cap'n and ye best be harkening to 'im lest ye wish t'be a wench strrrranded on BarbadosCjBeats,227,uWu panda-kun open wolfing, what a glorious day! This game will be as easy as taking a baby away from their candy!

[vote]Panda[/vote]Scythe,228,ayieh10000 Jelly Doughnuts,229,Oh?
Yes, I do! I really could go for some pasta right now, not going to lie
CJ using uWu unirionically is scaryMrEevee7,230,pandas is definitely scum, but if they are a jester we should probably be careful about lynching them. 
[unvote] [/unvote]MrEevee7,231,it gets worse when you realize
a. they dont have a file
b. they said they already read their role and it didnt say their alignment.Skrimiche,232,coward! [vote]red_pandas[/vote]Grones,233,I be thinkin this speech talk be a waste of ourrrrr voyageGrones,234,Ye ruffians be speakin of a jester
10000 Jelly Doughnuts,235,
^
Specific beats general, and if someone had something in their PM saying they differed from the rules, that takes the reigns.CjBeats,236,Doth thou fellows really think the machine would throw a jester in this here game? Nay, panda-kun is quite simply a wolf who scumsclipped. Tis the only logical explanation for his actions, say I.Gikkle,237,I claim jesterGrones,238,Gikkle be a fine tarrrrget t'send overrrrboarrrd methinks10000 Jelly Doughnuts,239,why the hell are you doing weeb shakespeare speak?Grones,240,This be the second Shakespeare rrrrreference on this ship! A coincidence?Azmimel,241,It was the first thing I noticed when I read up this morning, so that's why I asked a question about it. Red pandas being jester feels a little too easy for me. Why was he being so obviously scummy?? That's why I suggested an alternate theory: a post modifier. But it's just that, a theory.


I don't know what it tells us because I don't know that much yet. I was just curious as to why some people were acting like they had one. Could be important in the future though.Azmimel,242,pandas rating one of my posts funny feels like a punch to the gut tbhGikkle,243,the alignment is in the title right
tbh I missed that completely and just thought "village #" was something to just describe me, not my alignment. My actual role pm doesn't have my alignment so I didn't know I was town until I asked for my win con an hour later lol.

So maybe pandas is telling the truth and since there is no title machine can change in the pms sent by panda he just had a role pm with no alignmentRed_Pandas,244,I may be dumb, but I'm not stupid
no I really haven't, machine told me my role in the pm
I think machine had given me a file already when I asked for a normal pm
yeah that's true
ew CJ saying uwu instant scum [VOTE] Cjbeats [/VOTE]
scum jest?
how does not having a file make it worse
and I got my alignment now im pretty sure it was just an error that I foundRed_Pandas,245,I reaaaaaally want to do funny talk somehow but I cant think of anythingHunterC98,246,hmmm....i say we give the man what he wants, what do you all say?
[vote] Gikkle [/vote]Red_Pandas,247,I find it really funny that I've managed to get myself almost consensus scum read by doing random RVS jokes

no, I am not going to stop.Azmimel,248,are you seriously going to write this off as RVS? fmlGikkle,249,consensus? By like 4 people?Gikkle,250,It's still RVS in my heartAzmimel,251,;-; I'm so confused right nowCjBeats,252,Who knows why any of us do anything in this accursed world?

let us look at thee panda-kun. An experienced member of this here mafia party. Are we to truly believe the man is a dumbfounded idiot? He is not! Panda-kun is an intellectual who scumslipped as his pms are different than our own! Tis the only logical explanation for senpai’s actions!Red_Pandas,253,yes, I will
tbh though the jokes did kinda suck
yeah pretty muchCjBeats,254,Let me enlighten thee. RVS means random voting sycle. You are welcome!Gikkle,255,Town members can't win after dying
Thus town and mafia will be equally scared of getting lynched
Anyone who acts like they are okay with being lynched is a liarCjBeats,256,Hunter me pal! What is thine experience with the game of mafia as we play now?Red_Pandas,257,Im pretty sure mine is the same as everyone else's but coolCjBeats,258,Did ye not ask the machine senpai for a role pm different then our own?


and yet, you my dear Gik claimed jester! Hmmmm suspicious!Red_Pandas,259,yeah I dont actually have a file
just checked
I had one for game A but then I moved to game C
so my alignment technically wasn't anywhere in my PM before machine added itAzmimel,260,I get what you're saying, but I also don't understand why he wouldn't have just questioned machine privately until he understood his role. Why does he benefit from announcing that he has no alignment in his role pm?? What does that do for him?? 


if it was a joke it was a terrible one. 


Oh, CJ, you are a saucy boy!Red_Pandas,261,yeah kind of?
it was just asking for my role in the pm instead of in the file
technicallyyyyy it wasn't a joke 
but I did announce it ironicallyCjBeats,262,Perhaps the machine senpai made an Oopsie woodsie? Could it be!? Is our senpai incompetent??CjBeats,263,There was once a saying back in the day of mine from whence I was born! Comedy is subjective! Terrible jokes are still jokes my dearest Azimel!Grones,264,This be a revealing day, we thrrrow Gikkle orr Skrrrim overboard! Hunterrr, Panda, and Cj arrrrre loyal to the cap'n, forrrr cerrtain!Red_Pandas,265,im afraid soCjBeats,266,And did the machine senpai give you your request in the different role pm?Grones,267,[vote] gikkle [/vote]CjBeats,268,Alas, perhaps we should lynch him instead! Oh what a great sacrifice we must make for our panda-Kun!!Grones,269,Cj ye best stop discussin rrrrrole PMs lest ye appearrr as a conspirator mutineerrrr t'me, thrrrowin the discussion overrrboardCjBeats,270,Enlighten me my dearest cap’n-kun, what is the problem with mistress Skrimiche on this day?Grones,271,[vote]cj[/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,272,I. I.

I'm intimidated. I won't lie.CjBeats,273,My curiosity shan’t be quenched, not even by my dearest cap’n-kun.Grones,274,She be talkin amiss, and I be seeing a vile connection betwixt herrr and th'GikkleRed_Pandas,275,can confirm
yeah I think machine Lynch would be a good idea
yesCjBeats,276,Oh to switch so fast in the heart of thee! What a glorious mind you possess!Azmimel,277,
hmmmm ok10000 Jelly Doughnuts,278,




Pi's reversal of his opinions is well within his normal town meta, I think. Therefore, I will say that Pi is a high TR of mine, and would rather not want him lynched.CjBeats,279,Then chalk it up to nothing more than a miscommunication! Non-alignment indicative say I!

[unvote][/unvote]
It is settled!


my dearest jelly! I am playing most seriously in my heart!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,280,This is 1000000000% cursed.Azmimel,281,I don't like how quickly you accepted that. Where did your certainty go?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,282,


HunterC98,283,uhhh....lets see..last time i played was...what? 5'ish years ago?HunterC98,284,appreciate the vote of confidence cap!Grones,285,Jelly be using jests t'avoid exposing herrrrself as a vile mutineer?Azmimel,286,this feels like the complete opposite of how she was last game, so I'm kinda ok with it,Grones,287,Arghhhhh10000 Jelly Doughnuts,288,Nah, I just wanted to make memes. That's all. I would say that I'd stop doing them, but that would be a lie, because they're funny. 

[Vote]Cj/Vote]

Something pings me about him, he feels wishywashy.

ANd yea, pi's that way too, but he's usually that way as town.Grones,289,Panda be town, no throwin o'erboard, cap'n's orderrs10000 Jelly Doughnuts,290,I disagree with him being town, but agree with not lynching. Hopefully we have a TK that can handle the jester.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,291,because I don't see scum pandas or town pandas being this way tbh.HunterC98,292,i feel too scrambled to make a fair assumption here.

cap'n seems busy being the spitting image of a proper town seafarer.

gikkle seems to be pure chaos.

cj seems awful authoritative, though that could be chalked up with trying to make up for missing some talk time.

jelly seems to be alright so far, a pinch quiet but i dunno how she plays to make a concern of that.

azmimel is either staying very quiet and stoking flames or just unavailable most often.Azmimel,293,Maybe if you explain the connection between Gikkle and Skrim I'd explain my read :3


He's either village idiot or neutral imoGrones,294,Let's brrring out the rum and play a game below decks! All ye scalleywag excuses for sailors, bellow out the scummiest, most treacherous words ye can


The cap'n'll begin

I be so disappointed I be a loyal one this voyage, I be hopin t'be a treacherous mutineer, but the gods declarrre me loyal to me post, th'CAP'NRed_Pandas,295,I feel like I probably would be dumb enough to make these jokes as bothAzmimel,296,the only reason why I could imagine anyone saying this is because they want to be lynched.Azmimel,297,trying to chat with my hydra partner :3MrEevee7,298,hes still lying about not checking the file, as he claims he doesnt have a file later on
so you knew your alignment, so why did you say you didnt?
scum != mafia, it just is evil roles. so jester would be scum as it makes town lose in the case that it is lynched
because you said you didnt read your file, but if you dont have it thats just an obvious lie that you didnt read it.HunterC98,299,aaah...yes that is a thing, my bad.Red_Pandas,300,eh
that doesn't mean I'm lying though, if I dont have a file then I didnt read it?
so it's still true
my alignment was never in the PM before I made the joke about it
after that machine added it
technically I didn't
I dont think jester is even in the game since everyones win-con is to stay alive and defeat the other faction iirc
but that means it's true??
also I did think I had a file
my memory is bad and its not something I thought was importantCjBeats,301,Twas explained away by the panda-kun! My certainty was replaced by uncertainty before being uprisen by a new kind of certainty!
Then ye are but a bab who I shall protect henceforth!


Is coming to an understanding wishy washy my dearest jelly? It is not!MrEevee7,302,no one says "i didnt read my book!!!" if they dont have a book. you were clearly trying to make an excuse for "not knowing your alignment"
ah yes, what a great reason to be town. "my memory is bad"

guys i claim scum!!!!
wait no my memory is bad im actually town!!!Grones,303,9 times out o'10, when ye landlubbers be assured and confident ye caught a scumslip rrrrelatin' t'role PMs, ye be sorrrely mistaken. This be a useless arrrrrgument made by lazy landlubberrrsRed_Pandas,304,as said previously, at the time I thought I had a file 
I never tried to make it an argument that I was was town but sure
I was literally just stating that I had mis-remembered it
also me claiming that I was mafia is the most obvious joke in history10000 Jelly Doughnuts,305,Rum? Rum?

Honestly: scum doesn't usually tend to say that they wished they rolled scum. It's a town move in my experience. Or at least I think so. Pi just keeps on being more townie somehow.
No one read the rules closely enough and it shows.
This is 100% cursed why am I in this game, I should suffer in the nexus instead why why why why whyRed_Pandas,306,im dumb be patient with meSkrimiche,307,pg 13 atm
[vote]CjBeats[/vote]HunterC98,308,okay, lemme be the first to come to the question, do we lynch off of all the nonsense in an attempt to knock out a bad guy or let time pass and use abilities to try and find stuff out?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,309,In most games, town tries to lynch everyday due to the information gained from the flip and the potential mafia member dead.

Here it may be less advisable because a lynch on someone is an automatic 'you lose' thing, so I feel like people are more hesitant this time.DAREALMoneyMan,310,I do not like that you are attempting to brush off his actions via of setup speculationGikkle,311,[VOTE]No-Lynch[/VOTE]
When's the last time we had a d1 no lynch? :3HunterC98,312,soooo keep yapping till someone slips?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,313,Based!
[Vote]No-Lynch[/Vote]
Yep, you got it. Eventually someone will vote dumb, pressures build and then scum slipping happens!CjBeats,314,Oh Gikkle-Chan, you wild man! Perhaps once I would’ve joined you on your quest to lynch not a soul, but alas, I have come to realize the benefit of lynching a person day 1. To not do so would be an inservice to the game!HunterC98,315,aye aye cap-errr...jelly.Vizier,316,You seem...Rather. 

Dead-set on lynching.CjBeats,317,And you aren’t my dearest Arra?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,318,I'm waiting for the time CJ says 'you saucy boy' unironically. 

I think I woke up in the twilight zoneSkrimiche,319,what if they just dont care about losing :3

im down
[vote]Skrimiche[/vote]

gikkle is quaking in his bootsVizier,320,Not particularly. I really wouldn't want more company.Grones,321,Arrrgh! Based! 
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Grones,322,Land ho!Grones,323,Argh! I meant @CjBeats10000 Jelly Doughnuts,324,CJ is a farming instrument?Grones,325,He'll be farmin votes 'ere the tide changes10000 Jelly Doughnuts,326,Also: weird thought: what if dead players were still in the game somehow.

Seems very weird that Machine would just ban dead chat and giving the rolelist.

Maybe there could be revivers. Idk, just seems odd to me.HunterC98,327,That could be interesting, but then the question is, what extent of knowledge would they come back with?Grones,328,The dead souls be sent away from Davy Jones locker because all 3 worlds be connected, methinks.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,329,The same bit of when they were dead, I think.
most assuredly there’s a connection.HunterC98,330,Which makes sense of the snippet of not revealing roles.HunterC98,331,guess playing it safe would be the smart thing to do..
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Grones,332,If ye were bettin yer life on it, which of these ruffians would ye wager is a mutineer?HunterC98,333,if i was to wager my doubloons against a soul, i would say one of the quieter ones...likely mito. just don't have enough to go off of to make a safe assumption.Grones,334,Aye! Mito be a treacherous cabin boy, but for other reasons.

Speakin of quiet ruffians, lurkin under the sea,
@DAREALMoneyManHunterC98,335,i wanted to ask about him but wasnt sure if i just didnt know his name he used.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,336,Explain?TheHorla,337,I don't 100% understand the pandas situation, but I learned the hard way last game that most of the time, "scumslips" related to PMs and formatting are usually just people getting confused.

Let me see if I read this right:
- pandas got his role in a PM, not a file
- the text of the PMs doesn't contain a wincon
- since you can't edit the title of a PM, machine forgot to tell pandas his alignment
- pandas noticed this, made a joke out of it
- people didn't realize that pandas wouldn't have known his alignment from his file title, since he got his role as a PM
Explaining away behaviour as a post modifier is bad logic and scummy. If we want to argue that player such and such is "obviously scummy" because of a "post modifier", we might as well hang up our towels and go home here.
Eevee is way too confident here for my liking.
Disappointed in gikkle for speaking sense here and not using this prime reaction fish opportunity.Azmimel,338,yea, but I also don't like the fact that he's trying to write it off as an RVS joke. I wouldn't lynch him either way, but I certainly don't think he's towny.
Not attempting to brush his actions off. I'm trying to figure out on earth he would inform us (apparently as a joke) that he had no alignment in his role pm. It was just a theory . I personally don't see scum or town doing that in any situation.Azmimel,339,I think they are, specifically because of this quote from the rules for game C
Grones,340,Mito be a snake charmer, a silverrrr-tongued succubus


Across the 7 seas, I've always known this landlubber to be a rotten soul from the malbolge. He be a seducer, a liar, a flatterer, a two faced duplicitous freshwater politician!

His treacherous mutiny sails on
He be a sower of deceit, he sets our ship along the wrong course, subtly like the Majesty's snake charmer he be.Grones,341,What be the cabin boy's agenda?Skrimiche,342,[VOTE]MrEevee7[/VOTE]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,343,Mmm, I disagree, but there's probably no reason to be setup speculating
Okay other than being a dnd monster, what did Mito do?
Why?HunterC98,344,i shall kick back and watch this show unfold til i have anything interesting or thoughtful to add.Azmimel,345,oh sorry i should've been more specific on which part. I think dead players will still have an impact on the game. I have no clue about revivers.TheHorla,346,Am... I the cabin boy? Or eevee?Azmimel,347,this is the second time you've voted a person pi has put under some sort of pressure with no explanation.Grones,348,Review th'rest o'me post, illiterate wenchTheHorla,349,Where did pi pressure eevee?Grones,350,Eevee, that dogMitochondria,351,I agree with Mark's take on the Panda situation. Don't fully understand what their confusion was and honestly don't care enough about this discussion line to spend the brainpower figuring it out, but odds are more likely they got confused and communicated their confusion poorly rather than them being scum that we caught right away.

I'm also mindmelding with Mark on his Eevee take (shows up, tunnels Panda, then dips; I especially didn't like the post he made asking Panda to "prove he's not neutral evil," it's a weirdly specific thing to ask for), but I'm super uncomfy with Skrim's naked vote on him and the underlying feeling that thread consensus is quickly shifting against Eevee. Quick shifts in thread consensus generally indicate that the target's town.

I'm not sure if I dislike this post because a) I'm annoyed that we're already starting our discussion about how Mito not living in the thread = scum (in which case this post is NAI and I'm just being emotional) or b) it's scummy that I get specifically called out despite the majority of the game having done nothing thus far.

Pi's read on me is bad and he should feel bad, but I like his play so far.

Pi and Mark feel town, sans the post I called out above I've been liking Hunter, Skrim's kinda weirding me out so light scumread, I guess scumread on Eevee too but I don't think Skrim/Eevee is a scum pair.Grones,352,And where be th'first time?TheHorla,353,@Azmimel are either of you ABBA fans? (Based on your signature, just wondering)10000 Jelly Doughnuts,354,ah okay yea.
I did, you threw out spicy insults and then refused to elaborate more lolGrones,355,I'll hang ye from th'highest mast with yer own innardsMitochondria,356,I'll sink ye ship before I hangAzmimel,357,oops I mixed up you and grones. But the point should still stand. She's voted people that others have put under pressure with no explanation. 
Don't know about azmine, but I sure am.Grones,358,He be seekin a pocketed sailor, and he be veering us off course, distracting us like a Siren's cry!TheHorla,359,An hour ago I impulsively scumread him for it, but:
- good chance eevee is confused as well
- scumhunting is good, considering that it'd be easy for scum to sit back and chill right now
- I agree with mito that a shifting consensus that eevee is scum is in general indicative that eevee is town (particularly considering that he's often considered an easy lynch)Grones,360,


HunterC98,361,fair, i may not have said it well, the second half of the message was supposed to be me saying i am not fully capable to make a firm guess because i don't have anything to compare it against.CjBeats,362,You are doing amazing my dearest sweet huntie-Chan.

Let us move forward on our conversation from the mister panda-kun! It shan’t get us anywhere doddling on about it! When does this here fine day end?Grones,363,@CjBeatsHunterC98,364,Day 1 ends tomorrow at....7:45 PM i believe?Mitochondria,365,If Pi or Hunter flips scum, I think it's decently likely the other flips scum as well. They've been pretty buddy-buddy all game (meta is fairly useless, but as a point of comparison from playing scum with Pi before, I remember he's not big on bussing teammates) and I'm still weirded out by Hunter shading me without committing to a Mito scumread stance and then backpedalling a bit when I responded (builds support for Pi's read without him really sticking his neck out there).

@CjBeats-kun uwu, what do you think of things so far?CjBeats,366,Such a long day, oh me oh my! Thank you dearest cap’n-Chan. I shall love you long time.Grones,367,One of these cabin boys will walk the plank, ere the day is done! E'eryone else aboard this ship be safe!Grones,368,Yer a bold oneMitochondria,369,Being controversial is fun Grones,370,LiberrrrralsCjBeats,371,I think things are just downright fascinating in this here game! A glorious tale of whodunnit taking place upon our doorstep!
I know not the reasoning on why people are scumming the Eevee-weevee, so I could use an explanation, but beyond that there confusion I do so believe the cap’n-Chan is a good lad. Huntie-wuntie-kun is newish, so I shall protect him for now. I do so believe that talking about panda-kun as we have done so much is becoming nothing more than a waste of time. That moment has passed. I would like to hear more from my dearest arra! A delightful, beautiful, man!Grones,372,Aye?Mitochondria,373,Very wholesome post but oh so very safe! Gimme something spicy, what's your hottest take about the game right now?CjBeats,374,My dearest jelly is a sneaky, sniveling, conniving devil bent on seeing this dearest world of ours burn to the ground upon which we stand!Mitochondria,375,Now we're cooking, how come?HunterC98,376,i was asked who i thought could be scummy and answered off of what i had...which still aint much...Mitochondria,377,That's fair - and to be clear, I've generally liked your posts thus far - but the point still stands. Wishywashy reads are never a good look because they're commonly used by scum to set up mislynches and erode the town's trust in other townies without the scum player needing to commit to the read or lead the lynch (both of which look bad when the target flips town).10000 Jelly Doughnuts,378,[JOKEVOTE]JELLY[JOKEVOTE]

oh god, everyone's doing weeb shakespeare and pirate speak. Get me outta here


---
I can see a wolf eevee, but I'm hesistant because he's LHF and I feel like I could be misdirected.

It's very weird cash hasn't spoken at all, but I don't think that's AI.

CJ feels... off for some reason, maybe the restriction is throwing me off, but it feels like some serious misdirection in his posts.CjBeats,379,Despite being how one may say active, she is too concerned with how people say things instead of they say! No notable contributions have come forth from her blessed heart, and I find that odd for someone of her stature and expertise!CjBeats,380,Right as I say such words she comes with the spice, oh my! Misdirection in what way my dear friend?HunterC98,381,alrighty, ill be sure to keep that in mind.Grones,382,Indra moment 


(Argh)Grones,383,Cj vs Jelly be a fool's errand, akin t'searching for the fountain o'youthCjBeats,384,Then consider me a fool, cause this one errand that I just must run! My curious heart shan’t be quenched until I do!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,385,Let me go through your posts real quick and find what sort of bothered me. It's very possible it's not your fault and I'm in shock from the PR.CjBeats,386,I shall await patiently with pounding enthusiasm for your return!MrEevee7,387,idk about anyone else but it says right in my file what my alignment is, not just the title of it. so machine shouldve still told him his alignment regardless of whether or not it was in a normal pm. i assumed this meant he was neutral as normally neutral just comes with the roll and no statement of alignment
and then he started talking about his file, which seemed scummy to me as he shouldnt have one based on his request, and he also said he didnt read his file, which would be a pointless post to make if he had read his pm where his role should have been, so id assumed it was again, a lie.Azmimel,388,First post I could find related to his interactions with Pandas.





Eevee remembered that Pandas asked for his role in a PM instead of a file, and then fixates on Pandas saying he did not open his file where his role was because that shouldn't have been a possibility for Pandas. 

I feel like it's way too easy to scum read Eevee based on just his interactions with Pandas (which are the only significant ones he's had), especially since Pandas was creating confusion, which is not a townie thing to do.

Right now it's low-hanging fruit, and I'd like to see more from Eevee before I actually consider him to be a lynch target.

@MrEevee7 whatcha feeling right now?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,389,The hard part is that I do have issues with telling jokes and such over text. The post modifier is making it really difficult to tell if you're sincere or just playing it up. I try to keep it in mind, but you do seem to be trying to pocket people.
And then you make the argument that there was a scum slip despite not knowing anything about the format of the roles, especially because I can't really find an example PM anywhere that would justify the reason. Pandas was weird, but this is a confusing game.

Although saying you've never read your PM (pandas) is scummy, so that's agreeable
With Hunter
Hunter again, and then you were enlightened, but it reads to me like you thought this was a dead end thing.
Pi.

And well, you seem to have an odd relationship with Mito too, the 'spiciest takes' feels very forced to me.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,390,Spicy take: Neither Eevee nor Pandas should be in the lynch pool today.Azmimel,391,I'm okay with a no-lynch, but I want Skrim to explain why she voted CJ and Eevee.Grones,392,


Red_Pandas,393,setup spec good, this argument is not valid
that's pretty much right
I can get thinking pi has one but me being a bit confusing definitely =/= post mod
if anything its very normal for me to be confusing10000 Jelly Doughnuts,394,You know, when it feels like everyone's trying to pocket you, no one is. But there are like three people who did click agree on a lot of my posts recently.

EDIT: removed 'let me check' idk why I put that there.Azmimel,395,yeah, I got a little overeager thinking about post modifiers. 
I thought you didn't like CJ? Where are you on that?TheHorla,396,Why are you bringing up a no lynch so early?Azmimel,397,because three people have voted for a no-lynch so farAzmimel,398,just checked vote count, it's actually fourTheHorla,399,It just feels super weird to preface that question with that statementAzmimel,400,I mean if skrim doesn't explain her votes well then I won't be ok with a no-lynch.Vizier,401,
I swear I heard someone roll in their grave with that joke. Absolutely sickening.HunterC98,402,Sorry, that was me.Grones,403,
Grones,404,@TheHorla a used car for your thoughts?CjBeats,405,Me and mito-Chan’s relationship is one of resounding love, but that does not mean I would like to pocket. Alas, I know not the heart of Mito-Chan, so I cannot say anything about him! As for the other laddies you mentioned, I simple wish to protect huntie-wuntie on this first day as he has not played in many a moon. And is it wrong to love my cap’n-Chan for telling me when day ends? I think not! But that is the only reason I said such things, so i find it a stretch if you think that’s me trying to pocket the dear lad.

And one does know the format of a role pm, or at the very least one should! After all, we all received one from the machine senpai!TheHorla,406,Null on everyone except gikkle (light town for speaking up for panda) and lean scum on skrimiche for voting eevee.HunterC98,407,to be fair, a lot of what eevee has to say is either voting or straight calling folks out, not that i agree against him but it is something to keep aware of.Skrimiche,408,
i have my reasons, and if i dont make them public then that is also for a reason. :s

i dont think he is?

gimme a bit

scary ;-;Grones,409,Eevee be a mighty sailor, no LHF 
He be no mutineer, ne'erthelessGrones,410,Who ye be wagering be the mutineer, then?DAREALMoneyMan,411,Alas I am binging Ted lasso, I will probably be done with the season by the end of the day so I’ll do things then (TM)Skrimiche,412,also i voted cj because he had stinky energy but i dont feel like pushing him rnRed_Pandas,413,relatableAzmimel,414,Other head popping in! It's cause (you're his scum buddy) : )Skrimiche,415,prove it busterTheHorla,416,Maybe skrim and azmimel?TheHorla,417,To expand on this a bit: azmimel made some really poor attacks on panda (the whole pm speculation bit was bad, thinking that he had a post modifier that made him always lie was scummy, reading him as jester was scummy, not considering that he may have been a bit confused (and that he was telling the truth that he didn't know his alignment at the beginning) was scummy.)

Skrim naked voted eevee after I attacked them is scum-indicative, and mel immediately criticizing them (and afterwards weakly pressuring skrim) feels a bit more like scum distancing than actual scumhunting.Azmimel,418,Pandas came out and said that he did not have an alignment in his role pm, and then later claimed mafia. He did not claim that he was joking until later. That was confusing to me. I saw absolutely no reasoning for town or scum to have made that move, so I assumed he was a neutral who wanted to die. I don’t think that’s scummy.

I never speculated above role pms. In fact, I was very against it. I did speculate a bit about post modifiers, and yeah, I’ll admit I fixated on it a bit too much, but I was trying to figure out why on earth he would’ve decided to share all of this information with us instead of dming machine and figuring it out, which is what I would’ve done, and post modifiers were on my mind because of the earlier discussion. Was it a poor decision to setup speculate so early on? Probably. Is it alignment indicative? Probably not.

I don’t know why you think my argument against skrim has been weak. I haven’t voted her, that’s true, but I didn’t want to vote anyone until I discussed it with my partner.

this is the only post I made about role pms.MrEevee7,419,Idk tbh but i feel like some of the ppl on my wagon are scummy
Why? That's just straight up an anti town line of thought.Skrimiche,420,anti town? like an anti hero? sickSkrimiche,421,+ no it isnt

machine if by some miracle youre reading this i hate you for the no edit ruleRed_Pandas,422,I can see that, kind ofRed_Pandas,423,its been in mafia games like foreverSkrimiche,424,

Spoiler: cj stink pg 13









Skrimiche,425,yeah but normally i can edit in my afterthoughts when i post
now i have to double post and it's annoying for people trying to catch up TheHorla,426,There's a whole bunch to unpack here:
- if someone claims mafia, it's obviously a joke
- jokes are a thing, and don't necessarily imply that someone wants to die.
- I think it's scummy to read into his behaviour this much
- Making assumptions about the veracity of panda's claim that machine forgot to state his alignment is inherently PM speculation
- Re: why panda shared the info: when I read his posts, I found it funny that machine forgot to give him his alignment; that you didn't consider (or pretended to not consider) that he shared it because mod errors are funny is scummy.
- I didn't say that the post modifier speculation was scummy because it's setup speculation (but good point there, I guess that's one more reason to scumread you!). Your comment was scummy because trying to explain player behaviour by post-speculation ("they are lying/acting off because of mod instructions") is not a townie line of reasoning.
- Your argument against skrim is so far weak because I find it unpursuasive.Rorschach,427,*unpersuasiveGrones,428,Jokes aint always jokes arghhhSkrimiche,429,FIGHT ME YOU COWARDRorschach,430,Sure.
Skrim has been modkilled.

I win.

Skrim has been reinstated into the game.MrEevee7,431,How is it notTheHorla,432,What are you saying here?Azmimel,433,





1) From my point of view, we were out of RVS/the banter stage. Pandas said he thought it would be exciting if people voted him. That implies he wants to die.
2) He didn’t clear up that it was a joke until 30-45 minutes after, and during that time he was a major topic of discussion. The majority of players on at the time believed him to be a jester. He didn’t clear it up immediately even though he was online, which I found weird.
3) You’re telling me it’s suspicious to analyze a player I found scummy at the time? 


My argument was not about PM speculation because I was questioning why he shared the information with us. I was confused because I would’ve asked machine instead of sharing it with the rest of the players in the game. Because of this, I thought it might be a ploy to make himself seem suspicious and therefore get voted.





Proof that I never once speculated about what was actually in his PM, just that I wondered why he actually did it.


Once again, I didn’t understand why Pandas was sharing the information with us. So I tried to figure out why. Two things came into my mind. Jester, which was a common answer among the online players, and a post modifier. I thought of a post modifier because of what I’d been thinking about before with you, grones, skrim, and Gikkle.


My argument against Skrim is her votes with absolutely nothing to back them up. I made that point before you did, you just dedicated an entire post to it. Do you not find your own argument persuasive enough?Skrimiche,434,im sure youve had times where you didnt want to spell things out for a greater purposeGrones,435,Nothin 
Yar har harGrones,436,[vote] cash [/vote]Gikkle,437,I'm 2% closer to ending the world
better kill me before thenTheHorla,438,Not yet, actually! It's pretty weak right now. My argument is that you're making the same (weak) argument as I am, but to distance yourself from her.
*shrugs* Regardless of how you define the end of RVS, I did not take their posts seriously. I think you are taking some posts that were not meant to be taken seriously far too seriously, and tied yourself up in knots trying to explain them via post modifiers.
I think the majority of players that were on at the time were wrong about that. 
Yes, depending on what you're analyzing? See the comment above about taking things seriously.
Just trying to understand something here. Did you think he was telling the truth that machine forgot to give his alignment, or not?
I understand that! The facts here are clear. But I think your conclusion was wrong, and I find it suspicious that you came to the conclusion that it was a post modifier.MrEevee7,439,sure, but seeing as it is impossible to have mech info atm, i dont see how it could be that.
and not explaining reads, unless youre just being lazy, doesnt help town at all and makes you look like you dont have any actual reasons for them10000 Jelly Doughnuts,440,Except speculating on pms is useless especially for Req because he does make changes and edits to the template all the time.

Heck, he didn't even put a period in my pm, is that scum indicative?

Also Skrim, give your reasons, let's not play this gameSkrimiche,441,booooo

touché

Cj - I quoted the posts that pinged me earlier while I was reading up. I didn't feel like pushing him (I confess to being lazy!), and I switched off to Eevee soon after because that's a vote I have reasons for doing aside from gut.

Eevee - First, I thought Pandas scumslipped about his alignment not being in his pm. This was because i asked Machine earlier if the "village" in the title of my google doc was my alignment (because it wasnt in the contents of the doc), and he confirmed it. But then I thought about it some more, and realized it was more likely that it was just a goof & not an actual scumslip. Eevee pointing out the contradiction with Panda's PM (being on the hypixel forums and not a google doc) seemed townie to me, but his subsequent hounding of Panda afterwards didn't. You can argue that the attempt at gamesolving is townie, but to me, it looked more like scum going after low-hanging fruit.

anyways im dipping to pet some cats and my dog grandson, ciao o/Skrimiche,442,also the reason why i didnt elaborate on the eevee vote was because i wanted to see how he'd react to it & whether or not he'd continue to push pandasAzmimel,443,Are you trying to trick me into actual pm speculating? Either way, it doesn't change my argument. I found him suspicious because he volunteered the information, not because he claimed machine forgot to give him his alignment.

Oh, so you're not as confident as you seem. 
you're right, it probably wasn't meant to be taken seriously. However, that's how I took it at the time, and since I want to defend myself I am attempting to explain my thought process. 
My conclusion wasn’t that he had a post modifier, my conclusion was that something else was going on here. Post modifier was just an example of something else that could’ve been going on. 
HunterC98,444,where was this mindset back when i horsed around with bold talk and ended up getting myself lynched on just talking around?Grones,445,We be halfway to nightfall, best we line up some choice ruffians to walk the plank! 

I wanna see 
Mito
SkrimGrones,446,Gikkle 


Send them all to the plank!Vizier,447,What flavor stinky? Skunk, onion, rotten food?CjBeats,448,
What happened to me oh cap’n my cap’n? doth thou not know your own heart? What a spicy lad you are oh cap’n-Chan to change up so quickly! 

Mistress Skrimiche-kun, I saw thine post about my stinkiness, but alas I do not understand what pinged you about those? Will you enlighten my darling heart?

And to my dearest jelly, I have seen your point! Oh what a wonderful mind you possess!CjBeats,449,MY LOVELY ARRA OH TO SEE THINE FACE FILLS MY HEART WITH SUCH JOY!!

Tell me, my dearest Arra, doth thou have any thoughts?Scythe,450,"Shall I compare thee to a summer day?"
"You're both hot."Vizier,451,
Nothing really rattles around in this dead head of mine, but I figure I can dig something up to support an idea I have.CjBeats,452,Oh superb! I shall await your return with bated breath!Vizier,453,There's. Not a cupid/lovers role in this setup. Right?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,454,Days I wish I had a vig shotVizier,455,



Edit: Posted meme twice.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,456,You are exceptionally wishy-washy.

[Vote]CJ[/Vote]CjBeats,457,You no longer need one, for this comment is already a knife to the heart! Oh what a cruel, black, wicked, twisted, nasty heart you must possess to say such rudeness to one such as me!CjBeats,458,A man merely knows when to change his mind when faced with arguments that make sense! My mind is not fixed, it is open to one’s voices!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,459,Mmmmmhmmm
You're really wishy washy, not changing your mind with good arguments. It's more that anytime anyone puts any push back on your opinions, you drop back. You've done it like 4 times.Vizier,460,

TheHorla,461,I explicitly stated earlier that my scumread of skrim was pretty weak, so my "confidence" is really just a strawman.
No, you're getting paranoid. You assumed that pandas posting "I don't have an alignment" makes him scummy or a jester - what logically follows is that you assumed he was lying about not having an alignment. If you thought he was telling the truth, his statement is obviously NAI, since he made it before he had an alignment!TheHorla,462,There is literally figuratively nothing to use to form a mito read right now.TheHorla,463,Final thought: Grones is funny as heck, but most of his posts substantively add up to "I want to lynch mito and skrim" or "Thoughts?"Grones,464,A used car for your thots?Grones,465,Lies and deception, mutiny! He be a conspirator, I quoted the ruffian.Mitochondria,466,Pi, do you have an argument against me which doesn’t boil down to “oh he TRs me which means he’s scum trying to pocket me”? I’d hope yes if I’m one of your top lynch targets today Red_Pandas,467,I ran out of reactions, expect no communication from me for exactly 24 hoursMitochondria,468,Maybe this post? Idk, I guess I’m biased but I genuinely fail to see how any of this is scummy. First quote was RVS, second was genuine curiosity and trying to spark discussion, third was my read at the time and an attempt to get some non-RVS discussion going. Fourth is setup spec and thus bad, but ehRed_Pandas,469,the rule hasn't changed at all
probably..
we don't know for sureRed_Pandas,470,yeah tbh no ai in thereGrones,471,Yarrr! I be quoting yer crimes! Ye set us off-course with yer insinuation that post mods be alignment indicative/one o'them be scum! Subtle, but powerful derailing! Typical mutineering!MrEevee7,472,Why mito?
This does seem like a bit of an overreaction thoughRed_Pandas,473,trying to find out why you're scum read is not overreactingGrones,474,Arghh! I be explainin meself o'er and o'er!Grones,475,Jelly be sailing under our radar, methinks.Grones,476,[vote] Gikkle [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,477,
"Slipping under radar"
votes gikkle.

also smh at not reading any of my arguments with CJRed_Pandas,478,I really don't get the thread title tbhGrones,479,With respect, ye olde cap'n closes his eyes and scrolls past e'ery word Cj posts10000 Jelly Doughnuts,480,Oh okay, understandable why you missed it and scum read me. Have a nice day.Grones,481,SR ye? Ne'er said that! Don't ye be puttin words in me mouth like some kind o' freshwater tv show hostMrEevee7,482,No, it's not. But he could have awaited groness response instead of writing an essay. I just found it a bit odd is all.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,483,But you do so...Grones,484,Should I? 


Arghhh!Grones,485,But that were me reasoning! He be askin for me reasoning, and found it! This be a weird position to take, Eevee. I'll have ye swabbing decks for a week for this!Skrimiche,486,good news: the cats like me
bad news: im allergic to catsSkrimiche,487,onions are divine you take that back

sure, gimme a min

ahaha yeah ive never done that as town myself ahahaha
ahaha
aha10000 Jelly Doughnuts,488,Yes. Go on!MrEevee7,489,Well since he clearly wasn't satisfied with the reasoning id expect him to not say anything about it then attack you if thats all you said it was in case there were more reasoningGrones,490,So ye admit to being a scalleywag?!Grones,491,Why would he say nothing? Is he a mute? A dumb landlubber? No, he be a tricksy siren, speech be his gift.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,492,Yes

(I shouldn't have to do the joke here but I will)MrEevee7,493,So that he makes sure he doesn't attack you needlessly..? It's what i would do at leastGrones,494,Why would he be wary o'attacking me "needlessly"? He be scared o' me?Grones,495,This be no laughing matter!Skrimiche,496,On second thought, I agree with Cj on this? Whoops. Not sure why I thought it felt wrong. Might've been the "subjective" bit triggering a primal response in me.

The only thing he questioned from that list (Azmimel scumreading me/Gikkle + townreading Hunter/Panda/Cj) was the scumread on me, which is strange. I'm not sure why he would pick to exclusively focus on me there.

(Context: Grones offers me & Gikkle as lynch candidates, then votes Gikkle, then 2 posts after voting Gikkle tells Cj to stop discussing role PMs because it's derailing the thread*, then 2 posts after that votes Cj.
*@Grones did I get that right? Just wanna make sure I'm understanding the pirate lingo. :3)

I was going to say: "Cj shouldn't be calling out others for being wishy-washy when he's been doing it himself", but when I looked back at the actual posts I had in mind from him, I actually think the progression might be natural? He basically went through the same "Panda scumslipped" --> "Panda/Machine just goofed up" thought process as me, although he stayed at Stage #1 of that longer than I did.


Spoiler: Cj posts












@Gikkle what do you make of this^? My confidence is shattered and my night is ruined. :<Skrimiche,497,@ the cj debacle: im gonna sleep on it
and by sleep on it i mean im gonna forget about it until i remember that im playing in this game tomorrow and check the thread
o/Grones,498,Man, I have no idea, I, myself, lose half the meaning while typing up these posts

ARrghh I mean, ye be right on the trrrrreasure lass!HunterC98,499,isee that we have made a lovely circle of conversation....right where we started 'n such...10000 Jelly Doughnuts,500,You missed how he said I was scummy and then I gave a single response and he decided that was okay.

Hmmm. I don’t have an opinion on mark right now and that concerns me.Red_Pandas,501,very relatableTheHorla,502,I don't actually believe this, fyiTheHorla,503,Day 1 Votecount:
(2) nolynch: Gikkle, HunterC98
(2) cjbeats: 10000 Jelly Doughnuts, Red_Pandas
(2) gikkle: Azmimel, Grones
(1) mreevee7: Skrimiche
(1) chucklenuts: DAREALMoneyMan
(1) mitochondria: Mitochondria
(1) thehorla: Vizier
(3) Not voting: TheHorla, MrEevee7, CjBeats

You can view this votecount and all previous votecounts in the #votecounts channel in Discord.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,504,You can not believe it. I am saying this because as of this moment, it's true.

I'll go through your posts and see what I think after that.MrEevee7,505,[vote] gikkle [/vote]
@GikkleGrones,506,Argh! Well I don't be believing yer disbelief!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,507,

Spoiler: Mark's posts






PREGAME ^
---






























I think these are all of mark's post, did it by hand though so possible I missed one. Going to do a little step by step and assign arbitrary points to each post. These points add up to a fake final score that is entirely real and will determine my read.

Which will come in the next post so I can actually click on the quotes and read them as I'm drafting my response.
---

EDIT: hopefully fixed spoilers
EDIT 2: hopefully fixed spoilers?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,508,The first quarter of the day was rather weak until Mark enters in with his Pandas post, providing evidence to a joke gone awry. Nothing about the post is outstanding towny or scummy wise, although at the time it may have looked as a controversial opinion because of how everyone seemed to be whipped up into a frenzy about Pandas 'scum slip'
+1 Town Points

Asks about Pi pressuring eevee, which is incredibly NAI.

Goes back on his eevee read and admits it's impulsive, agreeing with mito. This I think marks the real end of the Eevee Pandas debate, although people would later also enforce their opinions on it.+1 Town points for admitting fault.

Dislikes a no-lynch, especially honing in on Azimel when at the time there were 4 people actually on the no-lynch train, asking none of them! I'm hesitant to call it tunneling, because it's not quite as aggressive as that, but in a couple posts down still thinks scum team could consist of Azimel, focusing on several things like Azimel considering Pandas to be jester. However, in the thread there were a fair amount of people considering jester as an option, why did Mark latch onto Azimel's posts about that and call it scummy? I feel as if there is some minor tunneling or busing here. +1 Scum points.

(Although looking at skrim's posts, they are rather weak in general, not providing reasoning until after someone calls her out on it bugs me as disinterested at the least and scummy at the most. Either way, NOT GOOD)

Mark continues to attack Azimel for things that other people did as well. +1 scum points. (Half the game was PM/setup speculating. Off the top of my head, Skrim and I did.)

Azimel sets up strawman; the argument continues. I'm now more leaning towards T/S or even T/T. I doubt S/S would use such terrible pushes to bus, and both Azimel and Mark would be fairly coordinated and careful on a bus if this were the case.

Final post is IIoA, heistant to assign scum or town intent to it, but I would argue that seems fairly out of character for him.

Final Score: 2 town points, 2 scum. An Azimel flip would be extremely helpful for resolving Mark; I think. If Az flips scum, Mark's a god-tier townie, because I don't see bussing in this scenario. If Az flips town, I'd hit mark with an investigative or a lynch.

Anyway, my thoughts on Mark. Minor ones on other people that have slipped under my radar.

---
Vizier (Arra): The vibes he gives off seem like someone rusty at mafia, not new. He has played in a couple minis here, but not ones that would justify his knowledge and apparent paranoia about lovers/cupid. I am extremely hesitant to say 'coaching' because that A: make me look like a jerk, and B: has bitten me on the butt of course. It's possible he researched and gained knowledge, and I think that my initial paranoia of 'COACHING?!!?!1!' is unfounded. Slight TR.

Hunter: TR. I have no idea how much Hunter has played before, but I'll assume he's new. He seems townie overwhelmed with learning the game. I think scum would provide more guidance in scum chat if he had rolled wolf. Of course, if Hunter does flip wolf, I think we can assume that wolves are inactive. 

Pi: Pi's town. I just feel it. Gut reasoning is of course bad, but he's acting like he does as town. 

Eevee: I think Eevee is a slight town lean for me, his confusion earlier with Pandas feels genuine. Also I don't think scum eevee naked votes like town does.HunterC98,509,If its anything worth mentioning, I was also aware of a Lovers style of role by Youtube....so that is a full possibilities.Gikkle,510,I'm not sure why you're tagging me specifically when I haven't really interacted with Cj but whatever

Also not sure if you are asking what I think of what you're saying about him or Cj in general

Your analysis is weird
One of your posts is like, why not just ask him why he picked the SR on you out of the others to question. Why make this statement without first asking Cj? Unless you did and I missed it...

I'm not too sure what the point of this analysis is if your conclusion is just "he might be town". Did you have some kind of big SR on him or something and this was supposed to be what made you turn around on that? I don't quite understand why you'd do an analysis on someone and just come up with "his progression MIGHT be natural", unless you strongly SRed them, but I don't see a reason why you would this early. 

Is this supposed to be some kind of test? I genuinely don't understand why you would make this post and not come up with a better conclusion than this.

My opinion on Cj? Idk, I haven't bothered trying to read him. Only people I've formed reads on are Mark(TR), Mito(LTR), Pandas(TR), and Eevee(LSR). Maybe someone else I've forgotten about, idk.Gikkle,511,How come you can't delete post drafts anymore :/Skrimiche,512,i did? p sure i only did it for like 2 posts before realizing it was a dead end

what other info would an azmimel flip give?

because i love you

i
...
hey @CjBeats why did you pick out the SR on me out of the others to question

i thought i had a (lightish?) scumread on him but then i lost confidence in it when i went to look at the posts that pinged me

gosh gikkle dont make me spell it out
it's 'cause im baaad ( ༎ຶ ۝ ༎ຶ )Red_Pandas,513,feeling good, might make 1 singular readGikkle,514,w.shoot Skrimiche
Mmm
Alright
What's your current read on Cj now then? Null? Light TR?
Sorry Red_Pandas,515,what do this meanGikkle,516,Information instead of analysisRed_Pandas,517,well I managed to read an entire ISO without forming any opinions at all
10000 Jelly Doughnuts,518,Information on Pandas. If Azimel flips scum, I'd say its safe to assume Pandas isn't scum.
That happens sometimes :/Skrimiche,519,if 1 is town and 10 is scum, then he's at about a 6Grones,520,Who ye ruffians be lynching?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,521,I'd be fine with a CJ or Azimel lynch for reasons stated somewhere in the thread.

Or you for the memes.HunterC98,522,about 6 hours till the notalynch happens, if someone is intent on going in the gallows, time is a running out..Gikkle,523,I think I'm top wagon rn
idek whyTheHorla,524,Why does gikkle have votes lolHunterC98,525,Oh? Welp, guess the gallows will be claiming a soul.....less folks wise up.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,526,Agreed, looks like some of them are for no reason lolRed_Pandas,527,[unvote][/unvote]TheHorla,528,Really don't understand the case against gikkle (literally none of his posts have registered with me.) Reading back, but until then [vote]No lynch[/vote]HunterC98,529,all i have on Gikkle so far is some very brazen remarks that honestly read as trying to bluff about an assigned role, and as much as i actually wanna vote for him..it just doesnt seem worth lynching in my eyes..Skrimiche,530,not me? ;O

also what
people are voting gikkle?HunterC98,531,A handful are, but right now looks like No lynch is winning.Grones,532,Yarrr! no lynching be a funny!

[vote] no lynch [/vote]TheHorla,533,You going to explain why you were originally on the gikkle wagon and are now switching off?TheHorla,534,Day 1 Votecount:
(4) nolynch: Gikkle, Grones, TheHorla, HunterC98
(1) cjbeats: 10000 Jelly Doughnuts
(2) gikkle: Azmimel, MrEevee7
(1) mreevee7: Skrimiche
(1) chucklenuts: DAREALMoneyMan
(1) mitochondria: Mitochondria
(1) thehorla: Vizier
(2) Not voting: Red_Pandas, CjBeats
The next votecount will be processed in 0.5 hours. You can view this votecount and all previous votecounts in the #votecounts channel in Discord.Grones,535,Methinks he be conspirators along the vile Skrimiche. Their RVS be more rotton than a landlubber's body left at sea.Grones,536,I be opposed to sendin ol' sailor Azimel down ye plankGrones,537,Both o' these 'ere sailors be experienced voyagers. They be from Port Chucklefish. 

Methinks yer Arra read be mighty suspiciousitious, on me grandmother's warts! Ye say ye be disregardin yer paranoia and yer seasickness, an' then ye reckon 'im a loyal sailor. If ye aint factorin in no coaching, none o'that, then what have ye to base yer read o'him? Ye mention but nothin else!TheHorla,538,Expand on this please?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,539,Why?
Yea but if someone starts playing mafia again after a break, it takes them a bit to get in the groove of things.
Also arra’s posted like 15 times, most of them being memes, calm a bit down in asking for a surefire read. I saw one post that was weird and then discounted it when I was being unreasonable.MrEevee7,540,[unvote] [/unvote]MrEevee7,541,Why are we no lynching..?Grones,542,Then why ye be readin 'im as a loyal sailor, instead o' null?Grones,543,erybody be voting Skrimiche off the plank early, an' Gikkle be mighty strange when he be doing it.


These posts be soundin' the bells o' enemy fire, methinks.

Voyagin on, he be letting out mysterious words

An' with no explanation o'er th'horizon

He be a dangerous pirate, methinksAzmimel,544,Reading up right now. One of us should be on for EoD.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,545,I said slight town read. Like so slight it nearly doesn’t matter.Grones,546,Hmmmmmm
Arrrrrrr ye suuurrrre 'bout that? Ye clearrrrly considered it important enough t'include in yer listAzmimel,547,[unvote][/unvote]

I didn't vote at all yesterday, so I'm almost certain that the Gikkle vote is from RVS.



I logged on a couple of minutes after he posted claiming mafia. I think the above is my first post of the day.I guessed this was a ploy by him to get voted, and that sharing the information about his PM was another way to make himself suspicious. It didn't matter to my argument that was he said was the truth or not, what mattered is that he decided to share it with us.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,548,I literally said above it: people who have been slipping under my radar. Smh illiterate pirate.Grones,549,Hmrrrrrr
Arghhhh
I be keepin me good eye on ye, tricksy sea dogRorschach,550,Guys remember to submit your flavors for game B, EOD is coming up and so is the deadline for that. Please submit it in your game B folder excel if possible, that automates things and makes the turnaround a lot quicker.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,551,Oh. Yea I should do that.DAREALMoneyMan,552,Just read and up and things. Not going to bother to give reads on people I didn't pay attention to. Even though I have done it in the past, I am disappointed people aren't following up on stuff they think is scummy just because jester is possible in this game. You guys are better than me!

Azmimel thingy



Spoiler: Full ISO




























































Spoiler: Notable Posts




Reported for bad takes. You are trying to rationalize his scummy behavior via "oh maybe post modifier!" 
I'd like to mention that I didn't find what Panda said about his pm not including his faction was scummy! If it was true, I feel like the other scum mates would notice, given the team follows the typical 1:4 ratio, they were missing someone. Back on topic, if you say he was being so scummy (even if obvious), why are you attempting to find an excuse for him (oh, he is probably Jester, or has a post modifier). Just because it is possible in the game does not mean you value it over dayplay. ALSO, a post modifier making you act scummy is stupid and I don't see Machine adding it. You could then chalk off all scummy behaviors to the modifier.
Because it was a joke? He was making light of the situtation?
Take note for later (referring to Panda).
It is always RVS for Panda (but I agree we shouldn't pass things off just because they say "oH it was RVS!"). You say here that you don't think he is towny, and referring to above post you said he was either village idiot or neutral. Thus, you think he is neutral in your own words. If you really thought he was neutral, why aren't you trying to see what type of neutral he is or voting him!
Town points here.

I have done this along with many other people in many other games. It is an obvious joke I:
NAI!! I don't think admitting that you made a boo boo is alignment indicative.
Refer to the post above x2
Well I don't think he really needed to say it was a joke considering it was obvious.
Too lazy to see what you are responding to here :/
Already said why this is stupid!



[vote]Azmimel[/vote]

I am also suspicious of Cj and Panda but I have other things to do. Like Bike. And Eat. And SleepDAREALMoneyMan,553,Also Mark you should give me the ISO bot!TheHorla,554,I am too tired to keep arguing here but this is another strawman. I am saying that if panda did not know his alignment, then him posting "I don't have an alignment" is obviously NAI. If you think he is lying for some reason, that is a different argument (and closer to the one you made.) When reading pandas, it matters what you thought his PM read; that is why I said you were speculating about his PM.Rorschach,555,Ryast has the ISO bot, not Mark.TheHorla,556,Ryast posted a link in #announcementsSkrimiche,557,why me owo
your post elaborating on this only had gikkle quotes

do you think azmimel & pandas are on the same scumteam or different scum alignmentsGrones,558,Gikkle be voting ye, then he be opposed t'me voting ye. It be worrying, like an ill tide.MrEevee7,559,Is there a reason were no lynching..?HunterC98,560,cause most everyone who was willing to lynch has either no voted or unvoted.Grones,561,Nightfall be in 10 minutesGrones,562,Arrrr! I be wrrrrrong! 50 minutes!Red_Pandas,563,[vote] no-lynch [/vote]
why notGrones,564,[vote] panda [/vote] 
I be a wacky pirateSkrimiche,565,bruh you made me panicHunterC98,566,I made myself panic..i thought i missed it.Skrimiche,567,[vote]no-lynch[/vote]Mitochondria,568,Refuse to vote for a D1 no lynch on principle so uh

[vote] Skrim [/vote]Mitochondria,569,Actually nah, I think Skrim's fine

[vote] Gikkle [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,570,Why Gikkle?Gikkle,571,i'm a good boi
I just like human flesh, nothing wrong with thatMitochondria,572,Bad gut feel, didn't do much of anything today, no other targets I feel strongly about right now.Mitochondria,573,Actually that's a lie, my pet theory is that Pi's scum but y'all ain't ready for that discussion yetDAREALMoneyMan,574,SameDAREALMoneyMan,575,Wait- why are we no lynching? Meh.Grones,576,I'lla turn'a you into'a pasta lasagna mama miaHunterC98,577,captain....who is this italian dude?TheHorla,578,Oh I'm ready for that discussion!


Re: today's lynch, fine with no lynch since the gikkle wagon is really weak and I'm not confident in anyone else (even azmimel) to eliminate.Rorschach,579,Esther is wheeled into the large room by a rather tall butler fellow, his tailcoats hovering so as not to touch the floor, and he carefully unfolds a little table and places it in the center of the room.

"You really chose not to lynch anyone?" Esther says distastefully, her eyes narrowing, eyelids you never knew were there stretching to do so. "You are all fools. You have one minute to kill someone. Or else." She says, as the butler places a large shotgun on the table. 

The first player to reply to this post with [SHOOT] @Player [/SHOOT] will take the gun and kill the player they tag.Grones,580,Who arrrrrre ye an' what ye done to th'real MarkTheHorla,581,Ever since gikkle and I got stats on our D1 lynch record, I've come around pretty hard in favour of D1 no-lynching when we have zero clue what to do. We used to NL all the time (and had a decent track record back then) - we should revive the practice!Grones,582,ARGHHH NOBODY TAKE TH'GUNGrones,583,IF ANY O' YE USE TH'GUN I BE HUNTIN' FOR YE TILL THE END O' ME DAYSRorschach,584,"Well? I'm waiting. If you do not do it, I will kill three of you where you stand." Esther says tersely.Gikkle,585,[SHOOT]@Rorschach[/SHOOT]TheHorla,586,Yeah, anyone who uses this gun without discussion gets lynched today.Grones,587,AAAAAAAAAADAREALMoneyMan,588,Can we kill Azmel Grones,589,AAAAAAAAAARRRDAREALMoneyMan,590,WE NEED TO CHOOSE SOMEONE OR 3 MORE DIE - I DON'T WANT TO DIEETheHorla,591,Everyone, relax. 

If machine wants us to lynch someone, then we'll do it. Do not shoot.Gikkle,592,kinda wanna shoot skrim... Not for any good reason, I've just always wanted to do it in a proper mafia game instead of a wolfia game...DAREALMoneyMan,593,but what if I shot scum :>Rorschach,594,There is no Rorschach in the game.Grones,595,How about I shoot ye, ye scalleywagGikkle,596,what happens if I shoot myselfDAREALMoneyMan,597,guys there is 1 minute until eod so we dont have time to change the wagon from no lynchGrones,598,RIP 3 people arrrrrghDAREALMoneyMan,599,I rather that then 3 random people dyingGikkle,600,[SHOOT]@Gikkle[/SHOOT]

LETS GOOORorschach,601,You lose the game if you shoot yourself.

EOD was 15 minute ago. Welcome to twilight.Grones,602,NOOOOOOOO ARGHHHGikkle,603,Great!Rorschach,604,Action not submitted properly.Grones,605,[shoot]@Mitochondria[/shoot]
GIKKLE WHY ARGHHHDAREALMoneyMan,606,WHY10000 Jelly Doughnuts,607,oh shoot, no pun intended.Gikkle,608,[SHOOT] @Gikkle [/SHOOT]DAREALMoneyMan,609,watch as mito is scum though lmaoGrones,610,I BE SO CONFUSED HELP MEEEEEGrones,611,NO 
ARGHHH STOP WHYYYYGikkle,612,You didn't do it correctly either, you fool!

SEE Y'ALL IN THE AFTERLIFE

IT'S BETTER THAN SLOWLY WALKING FOR ETERNITY TOWARDS MY ROOMDAREALMoneyMan,613,why has my post count in twilight been triple than that of dayGrones,614,[SHOOT] @Mitochondria [/SHOOT]

Arghhh! TAKE MINE NOT GIKKLE I BE THE CAP'NTheHorla,615,...Grones,616,MITO BE SCUM YARR HARR HARRGrones,617,Arghhh I be blamin' Gikkle 
He be an agent o' chaos, a bombardier10000 Jelly Doughnuts,618,What the heck was that?1Grones,619,GIKKLE BE TOWN IF HE BE SHOOTIN' 'IMSELF 

I BE SAVIN A LOYAL SAILOR ABOARD THIS VESSEL10000 Jelly Doughnuts,620,I meant with mito, but honestly thanks for the explanation for town gikkle too?TheHorla,621,gikkle is town right lol

like

there's no wayRorschach,622,
Gikkle and Grones rush for the gun, however, Grones is just a bit faster, pulling the gun out and aiming it at @Mitochondria.

The gun explodes in his face, and @Grones topples to the ground.






"That's better." Esther says. "Perhaps this will teach the rest of you to be more decisive." She says, gesturing as the butler wheels her out of the room, picking up the gun from the corpse of Grones as they pass.

Day 1 has ended.Gikkle,623,I have a thick shell skull, I can take it!Grones,624,If Gikkle be shootin' 'imself, he be violatin' the CODE! He be breakin 'is wincon, so the 'eavens be strikin 'im down in MODKILL

but he be shootin' 'imself

a negative times a negative be a positive YARRRRR 

HE LIVES!
@Rorschach LET 'IM LIVEGikkle,625,c'mon man!TheHorla,626,jfcGrones,627,????
GIKKLE BE FIRST YARRRRAzmimel,628,EXCUSE ME 

wtfGrones,629,@Rorschach Gikkle actually shot and formatted correctly before me, though.Gikkle,630,I am canonically the slowest person in this game. I will probably not make it to my room until September/October.DAREALMoneyMan,631,no role flip?Gikkle,632,^ this

I shot myself fair and square! Let it happen!Grones,633,day is over no more discussion!!!!Rorschach,634,Night has started. No further game discussion is allowed. I did not make any errors.Rorschach,635,Forgot to add the song to the Start of Night Post.
Updated.Grones,636,@Rorschach title btwRorschach,637,As you all begin to enter the main dining area for breakfast, you recognize an old, surprisingly not dead face. @Grones was fortunate, and the gunshot blast was not fatal. On the other hand... @MrEevee7 will not be joining you. Not only are both of his left legs missing, but he is in fact, dead. The poor centaur.

The stench of death is strong. There's a raven sitting on the tables. Dead. A nametag on it indicates that its name was "Clive."
A note from Esther sits with it. "Don't disappoint me today. Or I will make sure you are disappointed in yourselves."



Spoiler: MrEevee7 Flip



Virgil the Centaur, the Village Lie Detecting Oracular Vigilante



I hope you enjoy your breakfast as the sun rises...

Day will end at 4:30 PM EST on Sunday, August 8th, with a Twilight of 1.5 hours.Skrimiche,638,uh ohhhhRed_Pandas,639,that seems that it would be powerfulGikkle,640,I've totally forgotten basically everything that happened in this game

Who did we suspect again? Mito?Azmine,641,Pi, did anything happen while you were "dead"Azmimel,642,you’re on the wrong accountAzmimel,643,Wow that's crazyHunterC98,644,Oh captain my captain, are you still alive?TheHorla,645,How does Oracular work?Red_Pandas,646,by miracle, probably caused by him being coolRorschach,647,Ask question, receive answer.TheHorla,648,Was the scope of the questions limited in any way?Rorschach,649,
HunterC98,650,Answer it NOBALLSGikkle,651,Isoing myself to jog my memory as to what has happened


Spoiler: my posts












































Gikkle,652,Mark/Pandas/Grones I guess are my TRs for today? Idk I'm going with my past self

I also apparently TRed Mito but idk whyGikkle,653,ISOing Eevee for nk analysis purposes


Spoiler: Eevee ISO






























Gikkle,654,Eevee's main contribution was pushing Pandas
Some shade thrown on Mito at some point too but nothing significantGikkle,655,[VOTE]Pandas[/VOTE]

carrying on my boy eevee's legacy!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,656,The pandas argument isn't really strong at all. I wouldn't think mafia would go and try to frame Pandas by killing eevee when the read was mediocre.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,657,I'm honestly confused about the NK in general. Eevee is usually lynchbait, not a NK. What is mafia doing?Gikkle,658,Doesn't your second sentence support the pandas argument
They aren't gonna be trying to frame him, so the only real reason to kill Eevee is to silence him if pandas is scumGikkle,659,In what game was eevee killed n1 because mafia was purposefully doing weird kills
Can anyone remind meMitochondria,660,I'm gonna be honest, I forgot everything that was happening in this game

Big wtf to Pi for trying to kill me when I wasn't on at the very end of the last day phase, not a fan of that play at all. Personal feelings about getting merc'd aside, it was super impulsive and, imo, big scum energy to make a move like that.Grones,661,I lived *****Grones,662,Yarrr ye be scumGrones,663,No yarrrrrGrones,664,It was be to save Gikkle and 3 townies yarrrr

Ye be scumAzmimel,665,Any thoughts beyond thatGrones,666,The mutineers be cowards n killed a sailor who ne'er voted a soul. We be hardp'essed t'read this 'ere kill.Grones,667,He be scum
I be a soulreadin cap'nTheHorla,668,I am backAzmimel,669,I mean you soulread jelly last game so I'm almost inclined to believe you.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,670,Ah. Yea. Whoops. Sorry. Yea. That's what I mean.Rorschach,671,Hi back, I'm dad.Red_Pandas,672,Ngl I would probably be the mafia member that would be the most sacrifice-able
I don't think mafia would want to keep ,me alone so much they kill eevee just for having a slight scum read on me
if I had a powerful role maybe
but I dont think that would be the entire reason the kill happenedAzmimel,673,This post reeks of town idkGrones,674,Mafia most likely be lookin at votes
Eevee be a no-voter
they be killin 'imTheHorla,675,Sorry just quoting this post as a test10000 Jelly Doughnuts,676,What do you mean?Azmimel,677,Why would they want to kill a novoter?Grones,678,Mafia be wishin' t'lay low. They be murderin' sailors who 'ave no strong reads. Eevee ended day on no vote, yarrr!Grones,679,This be no hypothetical. Look'er at the vote counts, ye scalleywag. Eevee be never votin.Azmimel,680,Yes, but what's your pointCjBeats,681,Did not most of the lads and ladies within this establishment either not vote or vote for a no-lynch? I do not think voting is the right way to look at this.Grones,682,-_-
Ye be intentionally obtuse, yarrrrAzmimel,683,Probably, it's kinda lateGrones,684,The laws o' this ship, the Game C, be dictatin' that any sailor that be killed, be a loser. If ye wish to win this 'ere voyage, ye live. The wincons be different, and we be no-lynchin'.Red_Pandas,685,why?Red_Pandas,686,I didn't post yesterday when I first read stuff but Gikkle's vote on me purely off of continuing Eevee's legacy
it just doesn't seem like something a town would actually doRed_Pandas,687,I like azmimels posts tbhRed_Pandas,688,It feels like Eevee was pretty controversial yesterday and slightly scum read so I'm confused on why scum decided to kill EeveeRed_Pandas,689,sorry for the quintuple post O_O

I kiiiind of don't like Skrim's posts, but not enough to feel like it deserves a scumread
I think I need some others thoughts for this read
what do y'all think of Skrim?Grones,690,Ye be right, we be sendin her off the plank10000 Jelly Doughnuts,691,What’s up with Skrim?Grones,692,/shrug
YarrCjBeats,693,/shrug?Red_Pandas,694,I was thinking something a bit more specific but I guess that worksGrones,695,I be messin' with Pandas
He may be a mutineer, methinks 
"Skrimiche should die maybe? Thoughts?" 
Be the mutineer words.Red_Pandas,696,that is an extreme misinterpretation of my words, captain.Grones,697,A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P 
a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p 


yarr!Grones,698,YarrrRed_Pandas,699,yeah but then that makes it confusing to quoteGikkle,700,who da heck tripped over me last nightGikkle,701,@Red_Pandas what are your reads?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,702,Was that you lol?CjBeats,703,What doth thou mean trip?Skrimiche,704,you forgot why you scumread me, didnt youGikkle,705,was it you, Jelly?!! Very rude!CjBeats,706,Pwease Gikkle wikkle, expwain to wittle ole me.Gikkle,707,someone tripped over me CjBeats,708,I do not understand.Gikkle,709,you don't need to.CjBeats,710,HmmGrones,711,Yarrrr, I be questionin' the importance o' this voyage 

I propose a nolynch again! Yarrr!
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Gikkle,712,can't believe mafia chose eevee to lose first
they must hate eevee personally, since he wasn't even that big of a voice
wow mafia, so rude10000 Jelly Doughnuts,713,Look, I didn't mean to.Gikkle,714,I also got a pillow last night, thanks to whoever gave that to me. much comfy.Red_Pandas,715,any apparent consequences or effects?
Almost no reads tbh, but so far Pi TR and Azmimel slight tr
Pi we have to get flip info at SOME point
Agreed
any effects?Azmimel,716,Not a single sr?Red_Pandas,717,Nope, not one!Red_Pandas,718,Money has barely posted and the only post he seemed to put effort into is just weak arguments against already weak-ish points
it's not like bad-bad so I'm not sure if it is enough to make me feel like a possible S!Money or not
but it is thereRed_Pandas,719,this isn't responding to Azmimel's question, this is cause I JUST looked at Money's postsGikkle,720,who we killinTheHorla,721,[vote]Grones[/vote]

Still very loopy right now, but my reasoning right now is something like this:
- voting no lynch on D1 is an actually sound idea, but voting no lynch on D2 is bad
- him picking up the gun and shooting mito was actually really scummy
- gonna say that still being alive after being blown up is kinda scummy, despite his (feigned?) surprise todayTheHorla,722,The flip side of this argument, though, is that shooting another player is a better play than shooting yourself. Obviously what gikkle did was super townie, but he had a 100% chance of killing town; from town-pi's perspective, he had a 1/4 chance of hitting scum, which is better odds than gikkle's play.

The other tinfoil theory is that gikkle is scum, knew the thing was harmless, and shot himself for town points, but that strikes me as super unlikely.

Still overall, decent scumread on grones for now; I'll keep my vote here for now.Red_Pandas,723,I have no ideaRed_Pandas,724,The forced killing at EoD had almost no hints beforehand possibly revealing it, Mafia would almost never know whether it was real/fake unless Esther (or whoever the person was, I think thats who) is working with the mafia.
I feel like Gikkle self-shot would be extremely risky of a play from scum so that makes me feel like it was a town move.
I would have to check back but if Pi had an SR on Mito it can make sense from a town PoV
however from what I remember, and saw from reading back for reads, Mito wasn't his strongest SR at least from appearance, as compared to people like Skrim and Gikkle (iirc)

Decent point though overall, I didn't do much speculating on pi's shots so this could be a very possible thing
This also makes sense
also I keep forgetting that pi got blown up by itharass,725,never knew a new mafia game was going on
/backupTheHorla,726,I mean, I don't want to speculate too much since there's just a chance the thing was harmless for anyone. But it's a big ??? why he's still here

I also have some thoughts about his actual reads but I really need sleep, I'll post them asap tomorrow; hopefully we can get decent discussion in the last 12ish hours or so and get a decent lynchTheHorla,727,Oh yeah I forgot lol

Grones is voting no lynch even after what happened yesterday

Machine sent a clear message that no lynches -> bad, and grones is basically going "yeah let's touch that hot poker again yarrrr"Grones,728,I be forgivin Mark's votes o' me since he be dyin' and recoverin', from his landlubber vaccine.Grones,729,Also, Mito be scum.CjBeats,730,Then why not vote him instead of a no lynch?Red_Pandas,731,[VOTE] Grones [/VOTE] igGrones,732,Pandas and Mito be scum, methinks

Panda be a timid scum, he be saying this





He never be taking strong stances aboard his vessel. He be test th'waters, lookin' through a glass t'see if fellow mutineers be with 'im. 

Mito/Panda/Someone else 
Mutineerers! 

[vote] Panda [/vote]Red_Pandas,733,I never have strong stances on anything in mafia
this isnt a new thingGrones,734,Maybe so, but ye be testin' th'water to mislynch POOR SKRIMICHE YARRRRRRed_Pandas,735,"I kiiiind of don't like Skrim's posts, but not enough to feel like it deserves a scumread"
as in
"I don't have a Skrim SR because their posts aren't quite bad enough"
also don't you have a Skrim SR?Grones,736,No, I be spurrin ye on t'see what ye do
I be naked votin Skrimiche, and ye went "ok cool". That be tellin' me ye perfectly good with her bein' thrown o'erboard. If ye didn't SR her, why ye be sayin:
Hmmm? 
Yerrrrrr a scum one! Mr Grinch!Red_Pandas,737,I was trying to say "maybe elaborate on why"
worded in a passive-aggressive kind of wayGikkle,738,Why are y'all voting Grones10000 Jelly Doughnuts,739,Money's busy rn.

Pandas reads are a bit sheepish imo, I could see a scum pandas. Placeholder vote, so I don’t get punished if I didn’t vote.

Sorry, busy today. Might be on before EOD but I don’t see it. 

[Vote]Pandas[/Vote]TheHorla,740,I actually agree on the pandas read but why is Mito scum lolGrones,741,Gut and this post
YarrrrTheHorla,742,I'm a bit more sane now fyi

It's kinda suspicious that jelly is parroting pi's vote JUST as I vote grones, which I did not expect

So I see sorta two possible scum teams: pandas/azmine or jelly/piTheHorla,743,That post is fine? I would scumread you if you shot me. And Mito has barely done anything so no idea how you can have a gut read on them in any direction.Grones,744,One death wasn't enough for these mutineer traitors yarrrGrones,745,T H E G U T 

Y A R RRed_Pandas,746,Mark made some posts about it
who am I sheeping with my votes though?
that post is fine?
gut is not enough hereRed_Pandas,747,with my reads*Red_Pandas,748,im pretty sure all my reads are original except the Pi read which ofc is because of markTheHorla,749,Yeah pandas is wheeling votes iirc, he's just being super underconfidentGikkle,750,Oh wait people only lose the game when they are lynched? Not when nked I guess according to the wording of the ruleTheHorla,751,Should read "isn't sheeping"Gikkle,752,Spring has sprung?Azmimel,753,S-Skrim is scum?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,754,Okay on lunch (not lynch, phone) break. Let me explain my pandas read, because I didn’t even see pi’s post really in depth.

Pandas feels noncommittal in any of his reads, which isn’t AI in itself, but then he asks about Cash. Cash, who is out of the game entirely rn, has been immune to lynches and what not afaik, and tries to get suspicion on him. That’s something pretty hard to miss, and I feel like pandas is trying to make a distraction somehow. Therefore scum.

Pi’s scummy too imo, but I have that weird feeling he could be jester and hope someone would be kind enough to kill him.Azmimel,755,oh we’re doing this again, are we?Azmimel,756,From machine on the discord

"
@Player i am making the executive decision to extend day 24 hours due to some housekeeping issues I need to deal with potentially preventing me from having internet during day end.

Day will now end at 4:45 on Monday, with a twilight of 1.5 hours. 

Game B will start 15 minutes after twilight ends in games A&C.
"Mitochondria,757,[vote] Pi [/vote]

Barring a dramatic new development, my vote's probably not moving. Mark kinda stole my thunder, but here are the main reason's Pi's probably scum:
-Again, the gun play was terrible. I'm biased, yeah, but I've never been in a situation where someone's been killed right at EoD when they can't defend themselves by town. Huge town points for Gikkle for his response; Gikkle, if you're scum then congrats, you pocketted me.

-Voting for someone immediately after Mark called him out for no lynching is a bad look imo. I also think it's odd he went for Pandas instead of me (and the no lynch instead of me yesterday) considering half his posts are about he soulreads me as scum. Why is he shading me (and trying to daykill me lol) instead of getting a wagon going?

-As I said yesterday, Pi's D1 play was blegh. I can go back through the posts and find examples of all these things if anyone really wants, but I remember disliking how much he was/is controlling the thread and discussion (shooting down discussion topics he didn't like, e.g. some CJ/Jelly (?) argument from yesterday, trying to railroad my death at EoD yesterday, etc.). My pet theory is that the pirate modifier's faked so he can seem more entertaining (thus more townie) and get away with having leaps in logic by blaming misinterpretations of his post on the modifier.

Unrelated question but @Gikkle was your human flesh problem resolved last night?Grones,758,Machine be threatenin t'kill 3 people. Gikkle conftown. You? Probably scum. Yarrrr it be the best play aboard the vessel


Gettin' ye lynched be a fool's errand. easier t'get yer fellow mutineer.



Idk what this be meanin' so I be ignorin' it.

I be willin' t'hop off th'plank, but absolutely kill Mito and Panda after I flip Town yarrrr harrrGrones,759,This lynch o'me be very strrrrange. Scum motivated, obviously. Mito and Panda be needin' t'die, ye landlubbers'll see. Yarrrrrr

Last scum (if there) be unknown t'me.Grones,760,NoGrones,761,My role be verrrrrrry scummy so I be not claimin even if I be fixin' t'die. If I die, I die. I won't be winnin even if town be winnin' but I be biased, anywhoo, so do be sendin Mito and Panda off th'boat when I be gone.

Rid me o'this cursed post modifier
[vote] Panda [/vote]Red_Pandas,762,When did I ask about cash
the person I actually asked about was Skrim, Cash is just the one who I have the least of a read on out of the players I've looked at.
I actually have been forgetting that Cash is immune to stuff, but I don't even want to Lynch them so that shouldn't even matter right now
Don't use the extremely slim possibility of a jester to avoid a Lynch on them
If you could explain why he's more scummy then you that would be great
If you think there are 2 scum you know of it shouldn't matter much who you decide to kill
this doesn't make sense from town
What is this
Bad
ScummyRed_Pandas,763,Anyone else find it extremely weird that Gikkle is just now theorizing about this, instead of on day 1?

(also just noticed @Rorschach thread title is incorrect I think)Grones,764,I don't really wanna reply to this bc none of the things you said mean anything
I feel like youre purposefully misunderstanding my posts or just asking questions to appear like you're open to changing your mind, when you really just want a mislynch.

Anyways, imma dip for rest of day because I don't really understand what game C is even for? And with Mark and Mito trying to get me lynched, I'm probably dead anyways, which ofc means I lose the game and idc about town winning if I lose, cuz im a wacky selfish biatch. Anywhoo, kill Panda and Mito afterwards.

Yarrrr!Rorschach,765,When they die.Rorschach,766,Shhhhh nooooo its perfect definitely says Day 2Gikkle,767,The fact you find it weird is weird because I just went back to look at the rules and that's why I'm talking about it lolGikkle,768,I still have a craving for human flesh, but I wouldn't call it a problem.Skrimiche,769,grones town
won't be on for most of today (or this week in general tbh) but let it be known!Skrimiche,770,grones town bc he's not acting like he does as scum (from what i remember, anyways; dont rly use/pay attention to meta personally)Red_Pandas,771,You're dodging everything I said in the post, by saying I'm misunderstanding your posts. (If we're both misunderstanding each other this much that would be bad but I don't see exactly how I'm misunderstanding what you're saying.)
If you really think I'm misunderstanding your posts in a way that's harmful to the town right now, you should be correcting what you said or what I misunderstood about it. If I'm getting everything wrong I really would like to know that.
Also referring to me voting someone I SR as "wanting a mislynch" is very scummy to say imo
I can't even explain how bad this sounds
Hm, must be me then.
I just feel like half-way through D2 is a weird time to be looking back at the rules
This doesn't make sense to meTheHorla,772,Reading upRorschach,1,[No mods this is not a duplicate it makes sense if you play the game. I'm sorry that my initial setup looks like spam. We'll be using all three threads. They're not the same.]






The rain falls steadily, the castle rising up.

The carriage we follow in this wet muck sprays up mud every few yards or so, drenching any passerby more than they were before. The rickety shaft of the undercarriage creaks and groans, before the vehicle eventually comes to a stop, the horses pulling it whinnying in annoyance.

Yet another dark carriage in the line tonight, outside the front gate. Some of their inhabitants were invited and came readily...others...not so much.
Thrown in like sacks of potatoes. Today the thunder does not rush across the landscape. For this is a sad day. This is a day someone dies.

This is Mafia.

Please read the following information carefully. Many rules are not the same, and the setup is atypical from what you are familiar with. Do not sign up until you have read how to sign up.



Spoiler: What is Mafia?



Mafia is all about lies and charisma, or at least synthesized charisma. The game typically follows a cycle of discussion whereupon a player is voted out of the game, followed by a cycle where silence reigns, and players may submit their actions which could include such types of things as protection, killing, or investigation.

The game is normally composed of 2 main factions, an uninformed majority, traditionally referred to as "town" or "village," and an informed minority known as "mafia" or "wolves." The wolves' goal is to equal or outnumber the townies, while the town's goal is to eliminate all wolves.

Sometimes there are additional alignments, such as additional mafia factions, or third party roles which can win with any side, or with nobody else.






Spoiler: The General Rules



These rules do not follow a priority system. They are considered sacred, and will not take precedence over one another. These rules may be pre-empted by more game-specific rules, but unless you are explicitly told otherwise either in an official DM by me, or by a specific rule governing a thread posted by me, these rules are hard and fast.

Obey all rules associated with the forum.
Do not discuss the game outside of this thread or host-approved DMs.
Play towards you or your alignments win condition.
Do not post anything in the thread after you die. Memes are fine, as long as they are not game related in any way.
Do not post game related stuff during the cycle at which actions are traditionally resolved. (This is normally referred to as a "night" phase.)
Do not post anything I send you in a DM in any way. This includes copy-pasting, screenshotting or capturing images in any other way. I will give you explicit permission if you are allowed to share something. Otherwise, assume you are not.
Paraphrasing things is fine.
You may not delete your posts, nor edit the post such that the content of the post's meaning is changed. This means only fix grammatical or spelling mistakes if you are editing your posts.
This game will be run across three threads. You will only need to keep track of 2, and only one of those two will have discussion at a time. (Traditionally referred to as a "day" phase.)
As a moderator, I am not bound to always tell the truth. I will avoid lying where possible, but to keep the integrity of the setup, it may necessitate explicitly lying about certain functionalities until they have been triggered.
Nights will be action phases, while days will be discussion phases.
Alignments in other threads are not indicative of alignments in this thread, and vice-versa.
I will not respond to in thread tags.
I will not answer questions in thread.
I will not read questions in thread.
I will respond to my oldest DMed question first. So if you spitfire, sorry it's just I gotta handle the load in one order or another.
You may not discuss a different game in a different thread. (No discussing Game A in Game B's thread.)
This includes Game A/C Combos. Even if you're not playing in both, you may not discuss the one you're not in in your host thread.

I could lie and say that flavor isn't alignment indicative, but that would be a lie. Flavor could be alignment indicative. Or role indicative. Or both.
Duplicates are possible. Even flavor duplicates.

Vote ties are not necessarily handled the same way cycle to cycle or game to game. If not specified at the start of a cycle, assume that it is whoever was at the higher number of votes the longest.
If Player A has 8 votes and Player B has 7 votes, then someone votes player B, player A is still lynched.
If instead someone unvotes player A, player A is still lynched.

No roles are banned from play. This includes OG Jester which kills everyone when it wins.
The bot is doing vote counts. (Thanks Mark.)
Due to the nature of the setup, hydras are discouraged but not outlawed.
THERE IS NOT DEAD CHAT. 
THERE IS NO SPECTATOR'S CHAT.
YOU DO NOT RECEIVE THE ROLE LIST UPON DEATH. 
YOU MAY NOT DISCUSS THE GAME UPON DEATH.




The following three spoilers will discuss specific rules that are different between the three concurrent games. Signing up for game A or game C will also sign you up for game B.


Spoiler: Rules: Game A



As with the previous rules section, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game A's thread specifically.

The capacity of players in this thread must be at a maximum, one less than the capacity of players in Game C. For preference, this game will have two less players than Game C. It runs most optimally with 9 or more players.
Being lynched in this game means you lose the game. Winners get to live to tell about it. Losers do not.
The game follows a traditional layout of Day Discussion and Night Actions. Cycles will last approximately 48 hours each (Night=48hrs, Day=48hrs), but will be updated at the start of each cycle to clarify as needed.
The order of operations for this game is hidden. As such, you will not receive it if asking.
The "town," or uninformed majority faction will be referred to as the mafia. The informed minority will be referred to under any of the following names: "werewolf," "sleeper agent," "wolf,"or "machine why is this so unnecessarily confusing"






Spoiler: Rules: Game B



As with the previous rules sections, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game B's thread specifically.

The capacity of players in this thread is at a minimum the summation of the number of players in Games A & C.
Atypical of traditional mafia games, the discussion phase will be referred to as "Night" while the action phase will be referred to as "Day." Cycles will last 48 hours each. (Day will be 48 hours, Night will be 48 hours)
This game will start on "Day 1," meaning it will start on an action phase.
No roles will be handed out for this game until the end of Day 1's cycle. Roles will be assigned as follows:
During Day 1, you will choose a player in the game, and a flavor for them. A role will be assigned based upon that flavor.
Flavors should be something you would borrow or rent from a library or archive. This could include any of the following types of items:
Books
Movies
Music
Journalism
Photography
Or others...

You may not choose yourself as the player to receive the flavor.
You may not coordinate to ensure that everyone receives a flavor. Some books are not yet written...
If a player receives multiple flavors, they may experience any of the following:
Be given the option to select one.
Automatically redirect the flavor onto someone else.
Receive all flavors as their flavor.








Spoiler: Rules: Game C



As with the previous rules sections, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game C's thread specifically.

The capacity of players for this thread is at a minimum, one more than those in Game A. It works best, however, with 11 or more players.
If you are lynched in this game, you are considered to have lost. Winners get to eat cake, and the dead do not eat...or do they?
The game follows a traditional layout of Day Discussion and Night Actions. Cycles will last approximately 48 hours each (Night=48hrs, Day=48hrs), but will be updated at the start of each cycle to clarify as needed.
The rules for this game are subject to update. At the start of each day or night, any updates will be shared in that start post.






Spoiler: Links to Games A, B, & C



Game A
Game B
Game C





Spoiler: Important Mod Posts



PreGame: Flavor Announcements
Day 1 Start
Day 1 End
Night 1 Start
Day 2 Start



Game C:


Spoiler: Living Players



@Gikkle
@10000 Jelly Doughnuts
@Azmimel
@Grones
@Skrimiche
@Red_Pandas
@DAREALMoneyMan
@Mitochondria
@TheHorla
@HunterC98
@CjBeats
@Vizier





Spoiler: Dead Players



@MrEevee7 (Night 1)





Spoiler: Backups



@Venusaur
@Illwei





Spoiler: Spectators



Thaum is the only person allowed to spectate.





Spoiler: Previous Games



Game I
Game II - Minecraft Edition
Game III - Minecraft Mobs
Game IV - Blitz Mafia
Game V - Food Mafia
Game VI - Music Mafia
Game VII - Super Smash Bros
Game VIII - Pokemon
Game IX - Terraria Edition
Game X - Mega Walls
Game XI - Video Game Music Mafia
Game XII - Yu-Gi-Oh
Game XIII - Time Travel Mafia
Game XIV - Night of the Living Goo’s
Game XV - The Library
Game XVI - Kits and Classes U-Pick
Game XVII - Star Wars
Game XVIII - Greater Idea Mafia
Game XIX - Comic Book Edition
Game XX - Chaos Rising
Game XXI - Final Fantasy: ExDeath’s Summon
Game XXII - Hypixel Mafia Players Mafia
Game XXIII - Night of the Living Goos: Part 2
Game XXIV - Pokemon Edition
Game XXVI - Murder in the Northlands
Game XXVII - Video Games
Game XXVIII - Desolate
Game XXIX - Amusement Park Mafia
Game XXX - Restaurant Mafia
Game XXXI - Night of the Living Goo’s Part 3
Game XXXII - Mark’s Hydra Hell
Game XXXIII - Alliance Mafia
Game XXXIV - Ancient Rome Mafia
Game XXXV - Space Mafia
Game XXXVI - Summer Vacation
Game XXXVII - Dawn of War (DnD)
Game XXV - Hypixel Mafia Players Mafia 2
Game XXXVIII - Applying to College
Mini-Mafia 3: Logical Fallacies Edition
Game XXXIX - Evolution Mafia
Game XL - Don’t Starve Mafia
Game XLI - Historical Figures U-Pick
Game XLII - The Suffering Game
Game XLIII - Minecraft Mafia
Mini-mafia 4: King Edition
Mini-mafia 5: Chess Edition
Mini-mafia 6: Meme Mafia 1
Game XLIV - Finale
Game XLV - Year Long Mafia
Mini-mafia 7: Ryast’s Mini
Mini-mafia 8: Jojo’s Bizarre Mafia
Mini-mafia 9: Persona 5
Mini-mafia 10: Kirby’s Mafia Adventure
Mini-mafia 11: Meme Mafia 2
Mini-mafia 12: Playing Cards
Mini-mafia 13: Profound Mafia
Game XLVI - DEFCON Mafia
Game XLVII - A Forgotten Temple
Game XLVIII - Halloween in January
Game XLIX - Mafia Hotel
Game L - A Test of Faith
Game LI - Evolution Mafia 2
Mini-mafia 14: Operating Room
Mini-mafia 15: Diffusion of Power
Mini-mafia 16: Simulation Mafia
Game LII: Conspiracy Mafia
Game LIII: The Legend of Zelda Mafia


TheHorla,2,What's Carpe Jugulum?Rorschach,3,Seize the throat.Azmine,4,HypeGrones,5,Game CDAREALMoneyMan,6,Why is Ryast in both games A and C Grones,7,Shouldn't this be Game C? Also, why is Ryast in both games A and C?Rorschach,8,Cause I'm not very good at hitting backspace a ton of times after copy/paste decides to put an extra space between every line.Rorschach,9,Rectified.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,10,Let's go!Rorschach,11,HOKIES!!!

BA DA DA DA DA DA DAAAAAAAAAAAAAA DUMMMMMMMHunterC98,12,Welp, the games are fixing to begin eh?TheHorla,13,Quick test here:

[vote]mark[/vote]DAREALMoneyMan,14,Quick, hammer mark pregame

[vote]mark[/vote]TheHorla,15,[vote]ryast89[/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,16,Pregame RVS?Skrimiche,17,eRorschach,18,




Esther surveys the room from her high backed chair, her gaunt frame unnerving. The room is littered with damp sacks, some of you climbing out of them. Some of you have been here for a while, chatting idly over tea. In the center of the room is a large cage, covered in a cloth, something rattling at it from the inside. 

"Welcome...to the game. Everyone. You have been briefed on the rules, and if not...well. They are publicly available to you." Esther says, pulling out a pen and holding it, pointing to a bulletin on the wall with the rules. "When you choose who to lynch for today, Chef says he's on vacation. So unfortunately we'll just have to drop them in there." She says, smiling thinly, pointing to the cage in the center of the room, where something growls from the inside. "Well...I shan't keep you...You must have so much to discuss..."

Day 1 starts Now. It ends at 7:45 pm, EST on August 3rd. Twilight will last until 9pm of the same day.Grones,19,Yarrr me hearties! Aweigh anchor and set sail for hammertown!Skrimiche,20,what is up gamersGikkle,21,10000 Jelly Doughnuts,22,[Vote]Skrim[/Vote]
!Gikkle,23,[VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE]Rorschach,24,@Gikkle
@10000 Jelly Doughnuts
@Azmimel
@Grones
@Skrimiche
@Red_PandasGikkle,25,Great minds think alike!Rorschach,26,@Red_Pandas
@DAREALMoneyMan
@Mitochondria
@TheHorla
@MrEevee7Rorschach,27,@HunterC98
@CjBeats
@VizierGrones,28,[vote] Skrim [/vote] make the wench walk the plank!Gikkle,29,Bandwagon moment
susVizier,30,[Vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts[/Vote]Grones,31,yar har har, ye landlubbers got no mind for naval strategy like ye ol' capt'nVizier,32,CAPTAIN!Skrimiche,33,im feeling like absolute buttcheeks so im not actually gonna play the game /sGrones,34,AYE ME HEARTYSkrimiche,35,not sure why a townie would post this even in RVS. seems like something only scum would do for townpointsVizier,36,LOOK!Grones,37,NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NOGikkle,38,Ah... I am so hungry... But food is so far away....Skrimiche,39,ehh, the game's barely started, doesnt really seem alignment-indicative to me. just a heehoo funnee attemptSkrimiche,40,just because it's RVS doesnt mean scum cant slip. i see zero reason for a town!skrim to have posted thatSkrimiche,41,like i said, it was probably just them trying to crack a joke.

+ other people have done similar things in the thread. why havent you been going after them?TheHorla,42,hey guys remember 3 votes is actually nearly halfway to hammer lolGrones,43,Alas me hearties, the lass "Skrimiche" is but a scurvy landlubber stranded at sea, lost her mind.Skrimiche,44,where? i havent seen anyone else try to deflect suspicion off of themselves with a flimsy AtE excuse. if im wrong then go quote themMrEevee7,45,[vote] mito [/vote]Gikkle,46,look at this person, talking to themselves. Insanity!

Though, I myself don't actually have any idea whats going on. Where am I?Skrimiche,47,this is just a waste of time. i shouldnt have to hunt them down for you

[VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE] stop being hypocritical with your readsGikkle,48,[VOTE]MrEevee7[/VOTE]Skrimiche,49,annnnd there's the chainsaw defense! found another scum. [VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE]MrEevee7,50,Omgus
[Vote] gikkle [/vote]TheHorla,51,Skrim you're making me giggle lolSkrimiche,52,but you voted mito?Grones,53,ye be at sea, but that be already beknownst to ye, ye conspirator. Ye and that lass Skrimiche be pirates flying the jolly rodger on open seas!

[Vote] Gikkle [/vote]Skrimiche,54,oh wait i see
disregard silly ol meMrEevee7,55,[vote] grones [/vote]TheHorla,56,What the **** is that pfpMrEevee7,57,Are you townHunterC98,58,crunchitize me capn.

Wait, hows the quote thingie work if the click quote doesnt quote?Vizier,59,Groan

Skrim is confusing me.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,60,THEY COME TO THIS PLACE WHEN THEY KNOW THEY AREN'T PURE!TheHorla,61,
Who are you guys?Rorschach,62,Hunter
ArraTheHorla,63,I repeat the question.HunterC98,64,wazuuuuuuupRorschach,65,From Chucklefish. They're in the discord.Grones,66,Ye click th'reply button, ye freshwater politicianVizier,67,Poyo!TheHorla,68,aaaahhhhhHunterC98,69,oooooooooh...well what does the quote thingie do?Skrimiche,70,no

sorry ;-;TheHorla,71,:Waves:HunterC98,72,skrim is an adorable bat, i see no problems.Grones,73,All yer quotes be stowed away below decks, ye press "insert quotes" to rouse those lazy landlubbers and bring em to yer postMitochondria,74,more like
amiright fellas???Vizier,75,Amgry Poyo.HunterC98,76,ahh, gotcha, thank you!Grones,77,[vote] mito [/vote] this mitochondria science wizardry be black magic, a terrible omen from the heavens, take him to the plank!Azmimel,78,Hi friendsMitochondria,79,oh captain my captain, if you wish for me to die, then die I shall

[vote] Mito [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,80,I would be very suspicious about the votes nearly getting a hammer this time, but I remember this game runs smaller than what we’re used to.HunterC98,81,yeah....i'll call that pun a lynchable offense...
[Vote] mito [vote]Azmimel,82,Quick hammer mito?Mitochondria,83,do it you won't10000 Jelly Doughnuts,84,For future reference, you got to have the slash at the start of the second vote.

just in case that helpsAzmimel,85,No, cause I appreciate that game C gets to say mito is hereHunterC98,86,Ahh....whoops.
[Vote] mito [/vote]

Edit: just to say i properly voted.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,87,Fair enough, but do you have any reasoning why you did that in the first place beyond random voting?HunterC98,88,nothing beyond a sinful punAzmimel,89,Scum team

Eevee
Mito
Panda
SkrimGrones,90,Throwing jests to the wolves, methinks Gikkle and Skrim be conspirators, plotting vile mutiny!

This be a landlubber's shot at pretending not to know the wench, typical freshwater lies. Gikkle may be a scurvy bastard, but he's the eye of the crow's nest for wizardry, no use pretendin to be a fool. Away with them! 

[vote] Gikkle [/vote]Grones,91,Skrim be a vile, lying lass, a stowaway here for vile mutiny!Gikkle,92,I have literally no idea what you're saying.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,93,Scum team:

Grones
Mark
Panda
YouAzmimel,94,Yeah id be okay with that10000 Jelly Doughnuts,95,That would be a stacked team.Grones,96,More lies! Yar har har! Ye be foolin us to think yer heads filled with saltwater!Azmimel,97,Exactly, I wouldn't mind. Except Mark would get lynched too earlyGikkle,98,I admit it, it was a lie. I don't have "no" idea, since I did have SOME idea. I apologize for this horrible offense, second mate. But your pirate speech is confusing, so I don't quite understand what you're trying to say...Azmimel,99,Lynch all liars!

[Vote] gikkle [/vote]Rorschach,100,Before someone asks again.

The town/village win condition is to:
1. Survive
2. Remove all threats to town.Vizier,101,Aye, this is a mutiny capn. Hand over all the bananas and gunpowder.

[Vote] Grones [/vote]HunterC98,102,i vote we test the captain for scurvy.DAREALMoneyMan,103,There is an impostor among us, and he is ourselves

[vote]chucklenuts[/vote]TheHorla,104,Oh, since we're all talking funny:

Heyday ho

pleasen no lynch mesa. Grones isa mafia, mesa thinkHunterC98,105,i wont lie...i was very tempted to change my vote over for the jarjar talk10000 Jelly Doughnuts,106,[Vote]Mark[/Vote]
Jar Jar speaking should be a policy lynch.Red_Pandas,107,


Azmimel,108,I personally am a fan or itVizier,109,Die, they must. 

[Vote]Mark[/Vote]Mitochondria,110,Why?Azmimel,111,I dont think he's randomly accused someone based on gut yet, that's a big tellGrones,112,YE WRETCHED BABOON! I'LL HAVE YE AS SHARK FEED ERE THE WIND CHANGES! 
[vote] Vizier [/vote]Grones,113,I be a lying, murdering, pillaging captain, but no mafia ever lay in me bunk with me. Me hands be clean.Mitochondria,114,Eh, maybe, but I think Pi's been fine so far. The only Pi-adjacent post that I haven't liked thus far is this one from Gikkle:

And I really can't explain why. Something about the post's tone (too serious? too dismissive? idk) just rubbed me the wrong way when I was skimming through.Grones,115,Gut? Gut?! I'll gut ye like a fish, ye scallywag.HunterC98,116,fair thinking, but is that a tell?Mitochondria,117,The Gikkle post? Obviously it's too early to really tell but I think it could be, weirdly defensive or dismissive responses to anything that could be perceived as an attack definitely isn't uncommon scum behavior.Red_Pandas,118,ikr I am so goodRed_Pandas,119,I think pi's pirate talk is funny and therefore Pi is hard town
I will not listen to any opposing argumentGrones,120,That post by that wretched mutineer Gikkle mayhaps be the fruit of his heavens-imposed speech impediment. He be playing the part of a confused, sun-dazed landlubber, away at sea, and far from his lass, for far too long. Aye, I remember when I was but a wee lad aboard the HMS Bictory, just a wee deck swabber I was, a cabin boy. Sick to the guts!Red_Pandas,121,gikkle instant scum for no pirate speakGrones,122,Me first mate rises!Red_Pandas,123,anyways, [VOTE] Rorschach [/VOTE]
I really can't shake off the feeling that they've somehow orchestrated this all
what exactly they may be planning is beyond me, but I know they're up too somethingMitochondria,124,nah, he wasn't doing the confused act for his first three posts of the gameHunterC98,125,how many times were you told to scrub the poopdeck?Red_Pandas,126,Aye, captain!Rorschach,127,Quite a few times unfortunately. On his first day he took the name a little too literally...Mitochondria,128,this is a dumb speculation read, but i think there will be scum among the people with post modifiers (and if one flips scum, the other(s) are prob town)Red_Pandas,129,TMI??
No post modifiers are in sight I think this is tmi!!Mitochondria,130,based, you got meHunterC98,131,post modifiers?Mitochondria,132,pi's pirate posting, skrim's schizophrenia posting, maybe gikkle's confused postingMitochondria,133,Post modifiers are basically just any parts of a person's role that require them to format all their posts in a certain way.HunterC98,134,ahhhh, gotcha...Gikkle,135,I think I'm more hungry than confused, to be quite honest.Grones,136,Mayhaps she be a truly disturbed lass, afflicted by rot of the brain, not a "post-modifier"Grones,137,Me life at sea as a young cabin boy was torturous! But now I be the most feared pirate and used car salesman in the seven seas!Mitochondria,138,You didn't seem very hungry in these posts


Is there any way anyone can give you food to help you out?TheHorla,139,Nosa reason, me just needed sometten to sayen in disa amusen translatorGikkle,140,I don't have a post modifier, I think. I'm actually not really sure yet. We'll have to wait and see.Mitochondria,141,okay fair

i'm so sorryGrones,142,Mito smells afoul to me, alike a gutted fish left out to rot in the Sun. Only good to throw overboard! Mito ne'er defends a soul 'cept when he be a foul mutineer! He be seekin to put the cap'n in his trouser pockets! Hardy yar yar!TheHorla,143,It's okeedayMitochondria,144,hey i can be selfless HunterC98,145,oh? Do you have early automobiles? im a big fan of the older models...Gikkle,146,Well... There is ONE way... But you might not like it... You see, it involves human flesh...Grones,147,[unvote] [/unvote] 
Yar Marky! Is this be the way to unvote, to appease the god of the seas, "vote count bot"?Grones,148,Aye we carry anything a landlubber would desire in their dark, nasty, landlubber heartMitochondria,149,How much human flesh?Grones,150,The only powerhouse on this ship will be used combustion engines! Yar har!TheHorla,151,YesaHunterC98,152,oh good..ill have to come and do some perusing for anything of interest...Grones,153,Methinks Hunter be loyal to the cap'n. He be returnin to the high seas after years of being away, surely he be wary and lurking beneath the depths, if he were a mutineer! Timid, scouting the waters! But he be in the fray, fighting with his cutlass like the best of us!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,154,I didn’t even consider Pi’s posting to be a restriction, I just thought he was like that this game.

I may be stupid, lol.

But anyway, I don’t think restrictions are AI at all, I can’t see mito’s argument tbh.Gikkle,155,Well... The exact amount remains to be seen.Gikkle,156,I thought we were just doing this for fun, to be honest.TheHorla,157,Me'm finden disa so fun dat me think me'm goen to keep it tup.Grones,158,It be no restriction! I be struck down by the heavens with this curse, but I will become more power than you could possibly imagine!






Yar har, I drifted to the wrong franchise, for a moment there lads. The sun and years at sea be taking a toll on this cap'n's mind.Grones,159,Away with ye, ShylockVizier,160,What if I need a new ship?Grones,161,Take yerself to the shipyards then, ye scurvy dog! This cap'n sells only used cars!HunterC98,162,i be a little rusty with my sword, more akin to my pistols and muskets..10000 Jelly Doughnuts,163,Did my car’s warranty expire yet?Grones,164,O not yet, no lass! But ye must be here for yer car's extended warranty! For a mere 9000 gold pieces, yer vehicle be warranted and safe to ride the streets of Port Royal for years (two years) to come! Ah! To the plank with years! Fork over yer firstborn and yer car be warranted for a decade!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,165,Sorry, my firstborn has a contractual obligation already.HunterC98,166,ooooh, is that the new payment method?Grones,167,Damn that thieving Rumplestiltskin! That scurvy dog! Freshwater kleptomaniac! Stealing me customers!Red_Pandas,168,technically my role pm never said what alignment I am so I may be scumSkrimiche,169,explain owoSkrimiche,170,sussy
[VOTE]Red_Pandas[/VOTE]Grones,171,
Scarrrrred arrrre ya?MrEevee7,172,Sadly no
I dont think any one of those is actually a post modifier tbh except maybe pi
When u claim neutral:
[vote] panda [/vote]MrEevee7,173,If you can prove you arent neutral evil you can stay alive for nowCjBeats,174,IM ALIVE.
IM KICKIN. 
I AM HERE.

I get to play with Mito uwu, how exciting. And my boy arra, who I shall defend with my life.


mfw10000 Jelly Doughnuts,175,That’s concerning10000 Jelly Doughnuts,176,Sadge, CJ forgets about me and Pi.CjBeats,177,Fear not my good jelly, I have not forgotten thee. I simply never play with the boy arra so it brings me much joy and excitement. OHO AND THE HUNT IS HERE TOO WHAT A GLORIOUS DAY. THIS GAME SHALL BE A SPLENDID GAME OF CAMARADERIE AND BETRAYAL.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,178,You mean trolling at an advanced level?CjBeats,179,I do not understand what you mean by that my good Jelly.Vizier,180,
Mh. No like.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,181,Oh. You will 

Gut, based on nothing, read: Gikkle town.Red_Pandas,182,yeah
well im obviously not neutral, because im mafia.
yeah maybeSkrimiche,183,i thought you said you didn't know your alignmentRed_Pandas,184,yeah but I got the mafia chat so im good nowSkrimiche,185,oh okay sweetSkrimiche,186,hey now wait just a diddily darn second here

did it not say your alignment in the title of your pm??Red_Pandas,187,I mean who knows, I COULD be a secret hidden neutral in the mafia chatRed_Pandas,188,why
why would it
be in the title?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,189,Pandas obvious jester?Vizier,190,Jesters win if they die by vote...Right?Red_Pandas,191,tbh I kind of think this is some sort of scum slip 
I dont know exactly how that would work but im sure thats not how the pms workRed_Pandas,192,I agree10000 Jelly Doughnuts,193,Yes. And Machine's a fan of the original jester that kills everyone else when they die.Red_Pandas,194,that sounds really exciting tbh I think you guys should vote me10000 Jelly Doughnuts,195,Nah, we'll NK you instead 

Someone's a vig, right?Skrimiche,196,@10000 Jelly Doughnuts is your alignment in the title of your pm/file?

sure it is!Azmimel,197,I don’t think we should lynch pandas today, but we should just shoot him. 10000 Jelly Doughnuts,198,It's just labeled 'Game C' and has the role contained within. 

Although I notice a lot of spelling and grammar errors within the file, so I think machine was in a rush or something. Dunno. What's it like for everyone else?Skrimiche,199,inb4 he made them all different so people couldn't cheese the gameSkrimiche,200,oh i see
i meant the name of your role pm file, not the hypixel pmAzmimel,201,are you that nervous about a joke post? don’t like that :3
That’s a good point.

Skrim/Gikkle/Mark/Pi

do any of you actually have a post modifier or are you just joking?Azmimel,202,we all made the pms so that would be NAI anyway

also don’t feel like we should be doing this to solve the game : (Red_Pandas,203,I haven't checked my file
ohh that makes much more senseMrEevee7,204,You know town isnt called mafia this game right?
Didnt machine say there are no jesters?Azmimel,205,maybe his post modifier is that he has to lie all the time? can’t see how this would be a good jester play. It’s way too obvious; I think something else has to be going on here.MrEevee7,206,You requested machine for a normal role pm tho so you dont have a file10000 Jelly Doughnuts,207,Lmao probably.
TBH, that's a pretty scummy thing to say. I've not seen town non-ironically say that.
Machine said that *anything* could be on the rolelist afaik. I could have misread the rules, but I think he said earlier that anything goes.Skrimiche,208,why would i be nervous because of you  

re: post modifier - joke

what do you suggest instead then
cause i dont have anything elseGrones,209,Aye me heartie! I be a cap'n and a used car salesman! Yarrrr!Skrimiche,210,why are we assuming people have post modifiers and using that to determine alignments/roles .-.Grones,211,Yarrr ye be a rude wench, ye be speakin to Mel10000 Jelly Doughnuts,212,Even if Pi has a post restriction, he's having too much fun and I love it. Lock town for wholesomeness.Azmimel,213,Idk, you’re the one who asked me to explain reads made during RVS. Why ask me to explain these reads and not the other one I made after it?? 
there were enough people acting like they had post modifiers that I thought it was a possibility.

remember pi’s worldeater role?Azmimel,214,heyyy do you have a post modifier or nah?Grones,215,It be a fool's errand to affix our spyglasses on th'heavens-cursed speeches. It be the gods playing a jest on ourrrrrr lives! Next scurvy rat to say a worrrrrd gets to be a man overrboarrrd!HunterC98,216,am i a joke to you?HunterC98,217,Redeemed. All is forgiven.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,218,Everytime I read your signature, I want a burger. Dang you.Grones,219,Avast me hearties! The signature be needin an update!Azmimel,220,do you like our pfp?? i picked it out please compliment me Azmimel,221,can’t dislike posts yet : (Skrimiche,222,for anyone else who was wondering if this was actually true or not:
///////
ily mel but my point still stands xoxo

duh, because i only care about things regarding me. uwu

i think the odds of another post modified worldeater are too low to give significant thought to atmAzmimel,223,love u too 
You ask why I thought post modifiers could be indicative of alignment/role and that was my first thought. my point is that if they are real we shouldn’t brush them to the side.Grones,224,th'signaturrrre be amended forrrr th'high seas!Skrimiche,225,ehh
i still dont think theyre important (or at least not something to be focusing on for today). only one person (grones) could be argued to have one. what does that tell you?Grones,226,It be tellin ye I be th'cap'n and ye best be harkening to 'im lest ye wish t'be a wench strrrranded on BarbadosCjBeats,227,uWu panda-kun open wolfing, what a glorious day! This game will be as easy as taking a baby away from their candy!

[vote]Panda[/vote]Scythe,228,ayieh10000 Jelly Doughnuts,229,Oh?
Yes, I do! I really could go for some pasta right now, not going to lie
CJ using uWu unirionically is scaryMrEevee7,230,pandas is definitely scum, but if they are a jester we should probably be careful about lynching them. 
[unvote] [/unvote]MrEevee7,231,it gets worse when you realize
a. they dont have a file
b. they said they already read their role and it didnt say their alignment.Skrimiche,232,coward! [vote]red_pandas[/vote]Grones,233,I be thinkin this speech talk be a waste of ourrrrr voyageGrones,234,Ye ruffians be speakin of a jester
10000 Jelly Doughnuts,235,
^
Specific beats general, and if someone had something in their PM saying they differed from the rules, that takes the reigns.CjBeats,236,Doth thou fellows really think the machine would throw a jester in this here game? Nay, panda-kun is quite simply a wolf who scumsclipped. Tis the only logical explanation for his actions, say I.Gikkle,237,I claim jesterGrones,238,Gikkle be a fine tarrrrget t'send overrrrboarrrd methinks10000 Jelly Doughnuts,239,why the hell are you doing weeb shakespeare speak?Grones,240,This be the second Shakespeare rrrrreference on this ship! A coincidence?Azmimel,241,It was the first thing I noticed when I read up this morning, so that's why I asked a question about it. Red pandas being jester feels a little too easy for me. Why was he being so obviously scummy?? That's why I suggested an alternate theory: a post modifier. But it's just that, a theory.


I don't know what it tells us because I don't know that much yet. I was just curious as to why some people were acting like they had one. Could be important in the future though.Azmimel,242,pandas rating one of my posts funny feels like a punch to the gut tbhGikkle,243,the alignment is in the title right
tbh I missed that completely and just thought "village #" was something to just describe me, not my alignment. My actual role pm doesn't have my alignment so I didn't know I was town until I asked for my win con an hour later lol.

So maybe pandas is telling the truth and since there is no title machine can change in the pms sent by panda he just had a role pm with no alignmentRed_Pandas,244,I may be dumb, but I'm not stupid
no I really haven't, machine told me my role in the pm
I think machine had given me a file already when I asked for a normal pm
yeah that's true
ew CJ saying uwu instant scum [VOTE] Cjbeats [/VOTE]
scum jest?
how does not having a file make it worse
and I got my alignment now im pretty sure it was just an error that I foundRed_Pandas,245,I reaaaaaally want to do funny talk somehow but I cant think of anythingHunterC98,246,hmmm....i say we give the man what he wants, what do you all say?
[vote] Gikkle [/vote]Red_Pandas,247,I find it really funny that I've managed to get myself almost consensus scum read by doing random RVS jokes

no, I am not going to stop.Azmimel,248,are you seriously going to write this off as RVS? fmlGikkle,249,consensus? By like 4 people?Gikkle,250,It's still RVS in my heartAzmimel,251,;-; I'm so confused right nowCjBeats,252,Who knows why any of us do anything in this accursed world?

let us look at thee panda-kun. An experienced member of this here mafia party. Are we to truly believe the man is a dumbfounded idiot? He is not! Panda-kun is an intellectual who scumslipped as his pms are different than our own! Tis the only logical explanation for senpai’s actions!Red_Pandas,253,yes, I will
tbh though the jokes did kinda suck
yeah pretty muchCjBeats,254,Let me enlighten thee. RVS means random voting sycle. You are welcome!Gikkle,255,Town members can't win after dying
Thus town and mafia will be equally scared of getting lynched
Anyone who acts like they are okay with being lynched is a liarCjBeats,256,Hunter me pal! What is thine experience with the game of mafia as we play now?Red_Pandas,257,Im pretty sure mine is the same as everyone else's but coolCjBeats,258,Did ye not ask the machine senpai for a role pm different then our own?


and yet, you my dear Gik claimed jester! Hmmmm suspicious!Red_Pandas,259,yeah I dont actually have a file
just checked
I had one for game A but then I moved to game C
so my alignment technically wasn't anywhere in my PM before machine added itAzmimel,260,I get what you're saying, but I also don't understand why he wouldn't have just questioned machine privately until he understood his role. Why does he benefit from announcing that he has no alignment in his role pm?? What does that do for him?? 


if it was a joke it was a terrible one. 


Oh, CJ, you are a saucy boy!Red_Pandas,261,yeah kind of?
it was just asking for my role in the pm instead of in the file
technicallyyyyy it wasn't a joke 
but I did announce it ironicallyCjBeats,262,Perhaps the machine senpai made an Oopsie woodsie? Could it be!? Is our senpai incompetent??CjBeats,263,There was once a saying back in the day of mine from whence I was born! Comedy is subjective! Terrible jokes are still jokes my dearest Azimel!Grones,264,This be a revealing day, we thrrrow Gikkle orr Skrrrim overboard! Hunterrr, Panda, and Cj arrrrre loyal to the cap'n, forrrr cerrtain!Red_Pandas,265,im afraid soCjBeats,266,And did the machine senpai give you your request in the different role pm?Grones,267,[vote] gikkle [/vote]CjBeats,268,Alas, perhaps we should lynch him instead! Oh what a great sacrifice we must make for our panda-Kun!!Grones,269,Cj ye best stop discussin rrrrrole PMs lest ye appearrr as a conspirator mutineerrrr t'me, thrrrowin the discussion overrrboardCjBeats,270,Enlighten me my dearest cap’n-kun, what is the problem with mistress Skrimiche on this day?Grones,271,[vote]cj[/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,272,I. I.

I'm intimidated. I won't lie.CjBeats,273,My curiosity shan’t be quenched, not even by my dearest cap’n-kun.Grones,274,She be talkin amiss, and I be seeing a vile connection betwixt herrr and th'GikkleRed_Pandas,275,can confirm
yeah I think machine Lynch would be a good idea
yesCjBeats,276,Oh to switch so fast in the heart of thee! What a glorious mind you possess!Azmimel,277,
hmmmm ok10000 Jelly Doughnuts,278,




Pi's reversal of his opinions is well within his normal town meta, I think. Therefore, I will say that Pi is a high TR of mine, and would rather not want him lynched.CjBeats,279,Then chalk it up to nothing more than a miscommunication! Non-alignment indicative say I!

[unvote][/unvote]
It is settled!


my dearest jelly! I am playing most seriously in my heart!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,280,This is 1000000000% cursed.Azmimel,281,I don't like how quickly you accepted that. Where did your certainty go?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,282,


HunterC98,283,uhhh....lets see..last time i played was...what? 5'ish years ago?HunterC98,284,appreciate the vote of confidence cap!Grones,285,Jelly be using jests t'avoid exposing herrrrself as a vile mutineer?Azmimel,286,this feels like the complete opposite of how she was last game, so I'm kinda ok with it,Grones,287,Arghhhhh10000 Jelly Doughnuts,288,Nah, I just wanted to make memes. That's all. I would say that I'd stop doing them, but that would be a lie, because they're funny. 

[Vote]Cj/Vote]

Something pings me about him, he feels wishywashy.

ANd yea, pi's that way too, but he's usually that way as town.Grones,289,Panda be town, no throwin o'erboard, cap'n's orderrs10000 Jelly Doughnuts,290,I disagree with him being town, but agree with not lynching. Hopefully we have a TK that can handle the jester.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,291,because I don't see scum pandas or town pandas being this way tbh.HunterC98,292,i feel too scrambled to make a fair assumption here.

cap'n seems busy being the spitting image of a proper town seafarer.

gikkle seems to be pure chaos.

cj seems awful authoritative, though that could be chalked up with trying to make up for missing some talk time.

jelly seems to be alright so far, a pinch quiet but i dunno how she plays to make a concern of that.

azmimel is either staying very quiet and stoking flames or just unavailable most often.Azmimel,293,Maybe if you explain the connection between Gikkle and Skrim I'd explain my read :3


He's either village idiot or neutral imoGrones,294,Let's brrring out the rum and play a game below decks! All ye scalleywag excuses for sailors, bellow out the scummiest, most treacherous words ye can


The cap'n'll begin

I be so disappointed I be a loyal one this voyage, I be hopin t'be a treacherous mutineer, but the gods declarrre me loyal to me post, th'CAP'NRed_Pandas,295,I feel like I probably would be dumb enough to make these jokes as bothAzmimel,296,the only reason why I could imagine anyone saying this is because they want to be lynched.Azmimel,297,trying to chat with my hydra partner :3MrEevee7,298,hes still lying about not checking the file, as he claims he doesnt have a file later on
so you knew your alignment, so why did you say you didnt?
scum != mafia, it just is evil roles. so jester would be scum as it makes town lose in the case that it is lynched
because you said you didnt read your file, but if you dont have it thats just an obvious lie that you didnt read it.HunterC98,299,aaah...yes that is a thing, my bad.Red_Pandas,300,eh
that doesn't mean I'm lying though, if I dont have a file then I didnt read it?
so it's still true
my alignment was never in the PM before I made the joke about it
after that machine added it
technically I didn't
I dont think jester is even in the game since everyones win-con is to stay alive and defeat the other faction iirc
but that means it's true??
also I did think I had a file
my memory is bad and its not something I thought was importantCjBeats,301,Twas explained away by the panda-kun! My certainty was replaced by uncertainty before being uprisen by a new kind of certainty!
Then ye are but a bab who I shall protect henceforth!


Is coming to an understanding wishy washy my dearest jelly? It is not!MrEevee7,302,no one says "i didnt read my book!!!" if they dont have a book. you were clearly trying to make an excuse for "not knowing your alignment"
ah yes, what a great reason to be town. "my memory is bad"

guys i claim scum!!!!
wait no my memory is bad im actually town!!!Grones,303,9 times out o'10, when ye landlubbers be assured and confident ye caught a scumslip rrrrelatin' t'role PMs, ye be sorrrely mistaken. This be a useless arrrrrgument made by lazy landlubberrrsRed_Pandas,304,as said previously, at the time I thought I had a file 
I never tried to make it an argument that I was was town but sure
I was literally just stating that I had mis-remembered it
also me claiming that I was mafia is the most obvious joke in history10000 Jelly Doughnuts,305,Rum? Rum?

Honestly: scum doesn't usually tend to say that they wished they rolled scum. It's a town move in my experience. Or at least I think so. Pi just keeps on being more townie somehow.
No one read the rules closely enough and it shows.
This is 100% cursed why am I in this game, I should suffer in the nexus instead why why why why whyRed_Pandas,306,im dumb be patient with meSkrimiche,307,pg 13 atm
[vote]CjBeats[/vote]HunterC98,308,okay, lemme be the first to come to the question, do we lynch off of all the nonsense in an attempt to knock out a bad guy or let time pass and use abilities to try and find stuff out?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,309,In most games, town tries to lynch everyday due to the information gained from the flip and the potential mafia member dead.

Here it may be less advisable because a lynch on someone is an automatic 'you lose' thing, so I feel like people are more hesitant this time.DAREALMoneyMan,310,I do not like that you are attempting to brush off his actions via of setup speculationGikkle,311,[VOTE]No-Lynch[/VOTE]
When's the last time we had a d1 no lynch? :3HunterC98,312,soooo keep yapping till someone slips?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,313,Based!
[Vote]No-Lynch[/Vote]
Yep, you got it. Eventually someone will vote dumb, pressures build and then scum slipping happens!CjBeats,314,Oh Gikkle-Chan, you wild man! Perhaps once I would’ve joined you on your quest to lynch not a soul, but alas, I have come to realize the benefit of lynching a person day 1. To not do so would be an inservice to the game!HunterC98,315,aye aye cap-errr...jelly.Vizier,316,You seem...Rather. 

Dead-set on lynching.CjBeats,317,And you aren’t my dearest Arra?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,318,I'm waiting for the time CJ says 'you saucy boy' unironically. 

I think I woke up in the twilight zoneSkrimiche,319,what if they just dont care about losing :3

im down
[vote]Skrimiche[/vote]

gikkle is quaking in his bootsVizier,320,Not particularly. I really wouldn't want more company.Grones,321,Arrrgh! Based! 
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Grones,322,Land ho!Grones,323,Argh! I meant @CjBeats10000 Jelly Doughnuts,324,CJ is a farming instrument?Grones,325,He'll be farmin votes 'ere the tide changes10000 Jelly Doughnuts,326,Also: weird thought: what if dead players were still in the game somehow.

Seems very weird that Machine would just ban dead chat and giving the rolelist.

Maybe there could be revivers. Idk, just seems odd to me.HunterC98,327,That could be interesting, but then the question is, what extent of knowledge would they come back with?Grones,328,The dead souls be sent away from Davy Jones locker because all 3 worlds be connected, methinks.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,329,The same bit of when they were dead, I think.
most assuredly there’s a connection.HunterC98,330,Which makes sense of the snippet of not revealing roles.HunterC98,331,guess playing it safe would be the smart thing to do..
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Grones,332,If ye were bettin yer life on it, which of these ruffians would ye wager is a mutineer?HunterC98,333,if i was to wager my doubloons against a soul, i would say one of the quieter ones...likely mito. just don't have enough to go off of to make a safe assumption.Grones,334,Aye! Mito be a treacherous cabin boy, but for other reasons.

Speakin of quiet ruffians, lurkin under the sea,
@DAREALMoneyManHunterC98,335,i wanted to ask about him but wasnt sure if i just didnt know his name he used.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,336,Explain?TheHorla,337,I don't 100% understand the pandas situation, but I learned the hard way last game that most of the time, "scumslips" related to PMs and formatting are usually just people getting confused.

Let me see if I read this right:
- pandas got his role in a PM, not a file
- the text of the PMs doesn't contain a wincon
- since you can't edit the title of a PM, machine forgot to tell pandas his alignment
- pandas noticed this, made a joke out of it
- people didn't realize that pandas wouldn't have known his alignment from his file title, since he got his role as a PM
Explaining away behaviour as a post modifier is bad logic and scummy. If we want to argue that player such and such is "obviously scummy" because of a "post modifier", we might as well hang up our towels and go home here.
Eevee is way too confident here for my liking.
Disappointed in gikkle for speaking sense here and not using this prime reaction fish opportunity.Azmimel,338,yea, but I also don't like the fact that he's trying to write it off as an RVS joke. I wouldn't lynch him either way, but I certainly don't think he's towny.
Not attempting to brush his actions off. I'm trying to figure out on earth he would inform us (apparently as a joke) that he had no alignment in his role pm. It was just a theory . I personally don't see scum or town doing that in any situation.Azmimel,339,I think they are, specifically because of this quote from the rules for game C
Grones,340,Mito be a snake charmer, a silverrrr-tongued succubus


Across the 7 seas, I've always known this landlubber to be a rotten soul from the malbolge. He be a seducer, a liar, a flatterer, a two faced duplicitous freshwater politician!

His treacherous mutiny sails on
He be a sower of deceit, he sets our ship along the wrong course, subtly like the Majesty's snake charmer he be.Grones,341,What be the cabin boy's agenda?Skrimiche,342,[VOTE]MrEevee7[/VOTE]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,343,Mmm, I disagree, but there's probably no reason to be setup speculating
Okay other than being a dnd monster, what did Mito do?
Why?HunterC98,344,i shall kick back and watch this show unfold til i have anything interesting or thoughtful to add.Azmimel,345,oh sorry i should've been more specific on which part. I think dead players will still have an impact on the game. I have no clue about revivers.TheHorla,346,Am... I the cabin boy? Or eevee?Azmimel,347,this is the second time you've voted a person pi has put under some sort of pressure with no explanation.Grones,348,Review th'rest o'me post, illiterate wenchTheHorla,349,Where did pi pressure eevee?Grones,350,Eevee, that dogMitochondria,351,I agree with Mark's take on the Panda situation. Don't fully understand what their confusion was and honestly don't care enough about this discussion line to spend the brainpower figuring it out, but odds are more likely they got confused and communicated their confusion poorly rather than them being scum that we caught right away.

I'm also mindmelding with Mark on his Eevee take (shows up, tunnels Panda, then dips; I especially didn't like the post he made asking Panda to "prove he's not neutral evil," it's a weirdly specific thing to ask for), but I'm super uncomfy with Skrim's naked vote on him and the underlying feeling that thread consensus is quickly shifting against Eevee. Quick shifts in thread consensus generally indicate that the target's town.

I'm not sure if I dislike this post because a) I'm annoyed that we're already starting our discussion about how Mito not living in the thread = scum (in which case this post is NAI and I'm just being emotional) or b) it's scummy that I get specifically called out despite the majority of the game having done nothing thus far.

Pi's read on me is bad and he should feel bad, but I like his play so far.

Pi and Mark feel town, sans the post I called out above I've been liking Hunter, Skrim's kinda weirding me out so light scumread, I guess scumread on Eevee too but I don't think Skrim/Eevee is a scum pair.Grones,352,And where be th'first time?TheHorla,353,@Azmimel are either of you ABBA fans? (Based on your signature, just wondering)10000 Jelly Doughnuts,354,ah okay yea.
I did, you threw out spicy insults and then refused to elaborate more lolGrones,355,I'll hang ye from th'highest mast with yer own innardsMitochondria,356,I'll sink ye ship before I hangAzmimel,357,oops I mixed up you and grones. But the point should still stand. She's voted people that others have put under pressure with no explanation. 
Don't know about azmine, but I sure am.Grones,358,He be seekin a pocketed sailor, and he be veering us off course, distracting us like a Siren's cry!TheHorla,359,An hour ago I impulsively scumread him for it, but:
- good chance eevee is confused as well
- scumhunting is good, considering that it'd be easy for scum to sit back and chill right now
- I agree with mito that a shifting consensus that eevee is scum is in general indicative that eevee is town (particularly considering that he's often considered an easy lynch)Grones,360,


HunterC98,361,fair, i may not have said it well, the second half of the message was supposed to be me saying i am not fully capable to make a firm guess because i don't have anything to compare it against.CjBeats,362,You are doing amazing my dearest sweet huntie-Chan.

Let us move forward on our conversation from the mister panda-kun! It shan’t get us anywhere doddling on about it! When does this here fine day end?Grones,363,@CjBeatsHunterC98,364,Day 1 ends tomorrow at....7:45 PM i believe?Mitochondria,365,If Pi or Hunter flips scum, I think it's decently likely the other flips scum as well. They've been pretty buddy-buddy all game (meta is fairly useless, but as a point of comparison from playing scum with Pi before, I remember he's not big on bussing teammates) and I'm still weirded out by Hunter shading me without committing to a Mito scumread stance and then backpedalling a bit when I responded (builds support for Pi's read without him really sticking his neck out there).

@CjBeats-kun uwu, what do you think of things so far?CjBeats,366,Such a long day, oh me oh my! Thank you dearest cap’n-Chan. I shall love you long time.Grones,367,One of these cabin boys will walk the plank, ere the day is done! E'eryone else aboard this ship be safe!Grones,368,Yer a bold oneMitochondria,369,Being controversial is fun Grones,370,LiberrrrralsCjBeats,371,I think things are just downright fascinating in this here game! A glorious tale of whodunnit taking place upon our doorstep!
I know not the reasoning on why people are scumming the Eevee-weevee, so I could use an explanation, but beyond that there confusion I do so believe the cap’n-Chan is a good lad. Huntie-wuntie-kun is newish, so I shall protect him for now. I do so believe that talking about panda-kun as we have done so much is becoming nothing more than a waste of time. That moment has passed. I would like to hear more from my dearest arra! A delightful, beautiful, man!Grones,372,Aye?Mitochondria,373,Very wholesome post but oh so very safe! Gimme something spicy, what's your hottest take about the game right now?CjBeats,374,My dearest jelly is a sneaky, sniveling, conniving devil bent on seeing this dearest world of ours burn to the ground upon which we stand!Mitochondria,375,Now we're cooking, how come?HunterC98,376,i was asked who i thought could be scummy and answered off of what i had...which still aint much...Mitochondria,377,That's fair - and to be clear, I've generally liked your posts thus far - but the point still stands. Wishywashy reads are never a good look because they're commonly used by scum to set up mislynches and erode the town's trust in other townies without the scum player needing to commit to the read or lead the lynch (both of which look bad when the target flips town).10000 Jelly Doughnuts,378,[JOKEVOTE]JELLY[JOKEVOTE]

oh god, everyone's doing weeb shakespeare and pirate speak. Get me outta here


---
I can see a wolf eevee, but I'm hesistant because he's LHF and I feel like I could be misdirected.

It's very weird cash hasn't spoken at all, but I don't think that's AI.

CJ feels... off for some reason, maybe the restriction is throwing me off, but it feels like some serious misdirection in his posts.CjBeats,379,Despite being how one may say active, she is too concerned with how people say things instead of they say! No notable contributions have come forth from her blessed heart, and I find that odd for someone of her stature and expertise!CjBeats,380,Right as I say such words she comes with the spice, oh my! Misdirection in what way my dear friend?HunterC98,381,alrighty, ill be sure to keep that in mind.Grones,382,Indra moment 


(Argh)Grones,383,Cj vs Jelly be a fool's errand, akin t'searching for the fountain o'youthCjBeats,384,Then consider me a fool, cause this one errand that I just must run! My curious heart shan’t be quenched until I do!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,385,Let me go through your posts real quick and find what sort of bothered me. It's very possible it's not your fault and I'm in shock from the PR.CjBeats,386,I shall await patiently with pounding enthusiasm for your return!MrEevee7,387,idk about anyone else but it says right in my file what my alignment is, not just the title of it. so machine shouldve still told him his alignment regardless of whether or not it was in a normal pm. i assumed this meant he was neutral as normally neutral just comes with the roll and no statement of alignment
and then he started talking about his file, which seemed scummy to me as he shouldnt have one based on his request, and he also said he didnt read his file, which would be a pointless post to make if he had read his pm where his role should have been, so id assumed it was again, a lie.Azmimel,388,First post I could find related to his interactions with Pandas.





Eevee remembered that Pandas asked for his role in a PM instead of a file, and then fixates on Pandas saying he did not open his file where his role was because that shouldn't have been a possibility for Pandas. 

I feel like it's way too easy to scum read Eevee based on just his interactions with Pandas (which are the only significant ones he's had), especially since Pandas was creating confusion, which is not a townie thing to do.

Right now it's low-hanging fruit, and I'd like to see more from Eevee before I actually consider him to be a lynch target.

@MrEevee7 whatcha feeling right now?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,389,The hard part is that I do have issues with telling jokes and such over text. The post modifier is making it really difficult to tell if you're sincere or just playing it up. I try to keep it in mind, but you do seem to be trying to pocket people.
And then you make the argument that there was a scum slip despite not knowing anything about the format of the roles, especially because I can't really find an example PM anywhere that would justify the reason. Pandas was weird, but this is a confusing game.

Although saying you've never read your PM (pandas) is scummy, so that's agreeable
With Hunter
Hunter again, and then you were enlightened, but it reads to me like you thought this was a dead end thing.
Pi.

And well, you seem to have an odd relationship with Mito too, the 'spiciest takes' feels very forced to me.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,390,Spicy take: Neither Eevee nor Pandas should be in the lynch pool today.Azmimel,391,I'm okay with a no-lynch, but I want Skrim to explain why she voted CJ and Eevee.Grones,392,


Red_Pandas,393,setup spec good, this argument is not valid
that's pretty much right
I can get thinking pi has one but me being a bit confusing definitely =/= post mod
if anything its very normal for me to be confusing10000 Jelly Doughnuts,394,You know, when it feels like everyone's trying to pocket you, no one is. But there are like three people who did click agree on a lot of my posts recently.

EDIT: removed 'let me check' idk why I put that there.Azmimel,395,yeah, I got a little overeager thinking about post modifiers. 
I thought you didn't like CJ? Where are you on that?TheHorla,396,Why are you bringing up a no lynch so early?Azmimel,397,because three people have voted for a no-lynch so farAzmimel,398,just checked vote count, it's actually fourTheHorla,399,It just feels super weird to preface that question with that statementAzmimel,400,I mean if skrim doesn't explain her votes well then I won't be ok with a no-lynch.Vizier,401,
I swear I heard someone roll in their grave with that joke. Absolutely sickening.HunterC98,402,Sorry, that was me.Grones,403,
Grones,404,@TheHorla a used car for your thoughts?CjBeats,405,Me and mito-Chan’s relationship is one of resounding love, but that does not mean I would like to pocket. Alas, I know not the heart of Mito-Chan, so I cannot say anything about him! As for the other laddies you mentioned, I simple wish to protect huntie-wuntie on this first day as he has not played in many a moon. And is it wrong to love my cap’n-Chan for telling me when day ends? I think not! But that is the only reason I said such things, so i find it a stretch if you think that’s me trying to pocket the dear lad.

And one does know the format of a role pm, or at the very least one should! After all, we all received one from the machine senpai!TheHorla,406,Null on everyone except gikkle (light town for speaking up for panda) and lean scum on skrimiche for voting eevee.HunterC98,407,to be fair, a lot of what eevee has to say is either voting or straight calling folks out, not that i agree against him but it is something to keep aware of.Skrimiche,408,
i have my reasons, and if i dont make them public then that is also for a reason. :s

i dont think he is?

gimme a bit

scary ;-;Grones,409,Eevee be a mighty sailor, no LHF 
He be no mutineer, ne'erthelessGrones,410,Who ye be wagering be the mutineer, then?DAREALMoneyMan,411,Alas I am binging Ted lasso, I will probably be done with the season by the end of the day so I’ll do things then (TM)Skrimiche,412,also i voted cj because he had stinky energy but i dont feel like pushing him rnRed_Pandas,413,relatableAzmimel,414,Other head popping in! It's cause (you're his scum buddy) : )Skrimiche,415,prove it busterTheHorla,416,Maybe skrim and azmimel?TheHorla,417,To expand on this a bit: azmimel made some really poor attacks on panda (the whole pm speculation bit was bad, thinking that he had a post modifier that made him always lie was scummy, reading him as jester was scummy, not considering that he may have been a bit confused (and that he was telling the truth that he didn't know his alignment at the beginning) was scummy.)

Skrim naked voted eevee after I attacked them is scum-indicative, and mel immediately criticizing them (and afterwards weakly pressuring skrim) feels a bit more like scum distancing than actual scumhunting.Azmimel,418,Pandas came out and said that he did not have an alignment in his role pm, and then later claimed mafia. He did not claim that he was joking until later. That was confusing to me. I saw absolutely no reasoning for town or scum to have made that move, so I assumed he was a neutral who wanted to die. I don’t think that’s scummy.

I never speculated above role pms. In fact, I was very against it. I did speculate a bit about post modifiers, and yeah, I’ll admit I fixated on it a bit too much, but I was trying to figure out why on earth he would’ve decided to share all of this information with us instead of dming machine and figuring it out, which is what I would’ve done, and post modifiers were on my mind because of the earlier discussion. Was it a poor decision to setup speculate so early on? Probably. Is it alignment indicative? Probably not.

I don’t know why you think my argument against skrim has been weak. I haven’t voted her, that’s true, but I didn’t want to vote anyone until I discussed it with my partner.

this is the only post I made about role pms.MrEevee7,419,Idk tbh but i feel like some of the ppl on my wagon are scummy
Why? That's just straight up an anti town line of thought.Skrimiche,420,anti town? like an anti hero? sickSkrimiche,421,+ no it isnt

machine if by some miracle youre reading this i hate you for the no edit ruleRed_Pandas,422,I can see that, kind ofRed_Pandas,423,its been in mafia games like foreverSkrimiche,424,

Spoiler: cj stink pg 13









Skrimiche,425,yeah but normally i can edit in my afterthoughts when i post
now i have to double post and it's annoying for people trying to catch up TheHorla,426,There's a whole bunch to unpack here:
- if someone claims mafia, it's obviously a joke
- jokes are a thing, and don't necessarily imply that someone wants to die.
- I think it's scummy to read into his behaviour this much
- Making assumptions about the veracity of panda's claim that machine forgot to state his alignment is inherently PM speculation
- Re: why panda shared the info: when I read his posts, I found it funny that machine forgot to give him his alignment; that you didn't consider (or pretended to not consider) that he shared it because mod errors are funny is scummy.
- I didn't say that the post modifier speculation was scummy because it's setup speculation (but good point there, I guess that's one more reason to scumread you!). Your comment was scummy because trying to explain player behaviour by post-speculation ("they are lying/acting off because of mod instructions") is not a townie line of reasoning.
- Your argument against skrim is so far weak because I find it unpursuasive.Rorschach,427,*unpersuasiveGrones,428,Jokes aint always jokes arghhhSkrimiche,429,FIGHT ME YOU COWARDRorschach,430,Sure.
Skrim has been modkilled.

I win.

Skrim has been reinstated into the game.MrEevee7,431,How is it notTheHorla,432,What are you saying here?Azmimel,433,





1) From my point of view, we were out of RVS/the banter stage. Pandas said he thought it would be exciting if people voted him. That implies he wants to die.
2) He didn’t clear up that it was a joke until 30-45 minutes after, and during that time he was a major topic of discussion. The majority of players on at the time believed him to be a jester. He didn’t clear it up immediately even though he was online, which I found weird.
3) You’re telling me it’s suspicious to analyze a player I found scummy at the time? 


My argument was not about PM speculation because I was questioning why he shared the information with us. I was confused because I would’ve asked machine instead of sharing it with the rest of the players in the game. Because of this, I thought it might be a ploy to make himself seem suspicious and therefore get voted.





Proof that I never once speculated about what was actually in his PM, just that I wondered why he actually did it.


Once again, I didn’t understand why Pandas was sharing the information with us. So I tried to figure out why. Two things came into my mind. Jester, which was a common answer among the online players, and a post modifier. I thought of a post modifier because of what I’d been thinking about before with you, grones, skrim, and Gikkle.


My argument against Skrim is her votes with absolutely nothing to back them up. I made that point before you did, you just dedicated an entire post to it. Do you not find your own argument persuasive enough?Skrimiche,434,im sure youve had times where you didnt want to spell things out for a greater purposeGrones,435,Nothin 
Yar har harGrones,436,[vote] cash [/vote]Gikkle,437,I'm 2% closer to ending the world
better kill me before thenTheHorla,438,Not yet, actually! It's pretty weak right now. My argument is that you're making the same (weak) argument as I am, but to distance yourself from her.
*shrugs* Regardless of how you define the end of RVS, I did not take their posts seriously. I think you are taking some posts that were not meant to be taken seriously far too seriously, and tied yourself up in knots trying to explain them via post modifiers.
I think the majority of players that were on at the time were wrong about that. 
Yes, depending on what you're analyzing? See the comment above about taking things seriously.
Just trying to understand something here. Did you think he was telling the truth that machine forgot to give his alignment, or not?
I understand that! The facts here are clear. But I think your conclusion was wrong, and I find it suspicious that you came to the conclusion that it was a post modifier.MrEevee7,439,sure, but seeing as it is impossible to have mech info atm, i dont see how it could be that.
and not explaining reads, unless youre just being lazy, doesnt help town at all and makes you look like you dont have any actual reasons for them10000 Jelly Doughnuts,440,Except speculating on pms is useless especially for Req because he does make changes and edits to the template all the time.

Heck, he didn't even put a period in my pm, is that scum indicative?

Also Skrim, give your reasons, let's not play this gameSkrimiche,441,booooo

touché

Cj - I quoted the posts that pinged me earlier while I was reading up. I didn't feel like pushing him (I confess to being lazy!), and I switched off to Eevee soon after because that's a vote I have reasons for doing aside from gut.

Eevee - First, I thought Pandas scumslipped about his alignment not being in his pm. This was because i asked Machine earlier if the "village" in the title of my google doc was my alignment (because it wasnt in the contents of the doc), and he confirmed it. But then I thought about it some more, and realized it was more likely that it was just a goof & not an actual scumslip. Eevee pointing out the contradiction with Panda's PM (being on the hypixel forums and not a google doc) seemed townie to me, but his subsequent hounding of Panda afterwards didn't. You can argue that the attempt at gamesolving is townie, but to me, it looked more like scum going after low-hanging fruit.

anyways im dipping to pet some cats and my dog grandson, ciao o/Skrimiche,442,also the reason why i didnt elaborate on the eevee vote was because i wanted to see how he'd react to it & whether or not he'd continue to push pandasAzmimel,443,Are you trying to trick me into actual pm speculating? Either way, it doesn't change my argument. I found him suspicious because he volunteered the information, not because he claimed machine forgot to give him his alignment.

Oh, so you're not as confident as you seem. 
you're right, it probably wasn't meant to be taken seriously. However, that's how I took it at the time, and since I want to defend myself I am attempting to explain my thought process. 
My conclusion wasn’t that he had a post modifier, my conclusion was that something else was going on here. Post modifier was just an example of something else that could’ve been going on. 
HunterC98,444,where was this mindset back when i horsed around with bold talk and ended up getting myself lynched on just talking around?Grones,445,We be halfway to nightfall, best we line up some choice ruffians to walk the plank! 

I wanna see 
Mito
SkrimGrones,446,Gikkle 


Send them all to the plank!Vizier,447,What flavor stinky? Skunk, onion, rotten food?CjBeats,448,
What happened to me oh cap’n my cap’n? doth thou not know your own heart? What a spicy lad you are oh cap’n-Chan to change up so quickly! 

Mistress Skrimiche-kun, I saw thine post about my stinkiness, but alas I do not understand what pinged you about those? Will you enlighten my darling heart?

And to my dearest jelly, I have seen your point! Oh what a wonderful mind you possess!CjBeats,449,MY LOVELY ARRA OH TO SEE THINE FACE FILLS MY HEART WITH SUCH JOY!!

Tell me, my dearest Arra, doth thou have any thoughts?Scythe,450,"Shall I compare thee to a summer day?"
"You're both hot."Vizier,451,
Nothing really rattles around in this dead head of mine, but I figure I can dig something up to support an idea I have.CjBeats,452,Oh superb! I shall await your return with bated breath!Vizier,453,There's. Not a cupid/lovers role in this setup. Right?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,454,Days I wish I had a vig shotVizier,455,



Edit: Posted meme twice.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,456,You are exceptionally wishy-washy.

[Vote]CJ[/Vote]CjBeats,457,You no longer need one, for this comment is already a knife to the heart! Oh what a cruel, black, wicked, twisted, nasty heart you must possess to say such rudeness to one such as me!CjBeats,458,A man merely knows when to change his mind when faced with arguments that make sense! My mind is not fixed, it is open to one’s voices!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,459,Mmmmmhmmm
You're really wishy washy, not changing your mind with good arguments. It's more that anytime anyone puts any push back on your opinions, you drop back. You've done it like 4 times.Vizier,460,

TheHorla,461,I explicitly stated earlier that my scumread of skrim was pretty weak, so my "confidence" is really just a strawman.
No, you're getting paranoid. You assumed that pandas posting "I don't have an alignment" makes him scummy or a jester - what logically follows is that you assumed he was lying about not having an alignment. If you thought he was telling the truth, his statement is obviously NAI, since he made it before he had an alignment!TheHorla,462,There is literally figuratively nothing to use to form a mito read right now.TheHorla,463,Final thought: Grones is funny as heck, but most of his posts substantively add up to "I want to lynch mito and skrim" or "Thoughts?"Grones,464,A used car for your thots?Grones,465,Lies and deception, mutiny! He be a conspirator, I quoted the ruffian.Mitochondria,466,Pi, do you have an argument against me which doesn’t boil down to “oh he TRs me which means he’s scum trying to pocket me”? I’d hope yes if I’m one of your top lynch targets today Red_Pandas,467,I ran out of reactions, expect no communication from me for exactly 24 hoursMitochondria,468,Maybe this post? Idk, I guess I’m biased but I genuinely fail to see how any of this is scummy. First quote was RVS, second was genuine curiosity and trying to spark discussion, third was my read at the time and an attempt to get some non-RVS discussion going. Fourth is setup spec and thus bad, but ehRed_Pandas,469,the rule hasn't changed at all
probably..
we don't know for sureRed_Pandas,470,yeah tbh no ai in thereGrones,471,Yarrr! I be quoting yer crimes! Ye set us off-course with yer insinuation that post mods be alignment indicative/one o'them be scum! Subtle, but powerful derailing! Typical mutineering!MrEevee7,472,Why mito?
This does seem like a bit of an overreaction thoughRed_Pandas,473,trying to find out why you're scum read is not overreactingGrones,474,Arghh! I be explainin meself o'er and o'er!Grones,475,Jelly be sailing under our radar, methinks.Grones,476,[vote] Gikkle [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,477,
"Slipping under radar"
votes gikkle.

also smh at not reading any of my arguments with CJRed_Pandas,478,I really don't get the thread title tbhGrones,479,With respect, ye olde cap'n closes his eyes and scrolls past e'ery word Cj posts10000 Jelly Doughnuts,480,Oh okay, understandable why you missed it and scum read me. Have a nice day.Grones,481,SR ye? Ne'er said that! Don't ye be puttin words in me mouth like some kind o' freshwater tv show hostMrEevee7,482,No, it's not. But he could have awaited groness response instead of writing an essay. I just found it a bit odd is all.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,483,But you do so...Grones,484,Should I? 


Arghhh!Grones,485,But that were me reasoning! He be askin for me reasoning, and found it! This be a weird position to take, Eevee. I'll have ye swabbing decks for a week for this!Skrimiche,486,good news: the cats like me
bad news: im allergic to catsSkrimiche,487,onions are divine you take that back

sure, gimme a min

ahaha yeah ive never done that as town myself ahahaha
ahaha
aha10000 Jelly Doughnuts,488,Yes. Go on!MrEevee7,489,Well since he clearly wasn't satisfied with the reasoning id expect him to not say anything about it then attack you if thats all you said it was in case there were more reasoningGrones,490,So ye admit to being a scalleywag?!Grones,491,Why would he say nothing? Is he a mute? A dumb landlubber? No, he be a tricksy siren, speech be his gift.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,492,Yes

(I shouldn't have to do the joke here but I will)MrEevee7,493,So that he makes sure he doesn't attack you needlessly..? It's what i would do at leastGrones,494,Why would he be wary o'attacking me "needlessly"? He be scared o' me?Grones,495,This be no laughing matter!Skrimiche,496,On second thought, I agree with Cj on this? Whoops. Not sure why I thought it felt wrong. Might've been the "subjective" bit triggering a primal response in me.

The only thing he questioned from that list (Azmimel scumreading me/Gikkle + townreading Hunter/Panda/Cj) was the scumread on me, which is strange. I'm not sure why he would pick to exclusively focus on me there.

(Context: Grones offers me & Gikkle as lynch candidates, then votes Gikkle, then 2 posts after voting Gikkle tells Cj to stop discussing role PMs because it's derailing the thread*, then 2 posts after that votes Cj.
*@Grones did I get that right? Just wanna make sure I'm understanding the pirate lingo. :3)

I was going to say: "Cj shouldn't be calling out others for being wishy-washy when he's been doing it himself", but when I looked back at the actual posts I had in mind from him, I actually think the progression might be natural? He basically went through the same "Panda scumslipped" --> "Panda/Machine just goofed up" thought process as me, although he stayed at Stage #1 of that longer than I did.


Spoiler: Cj posts












@Gikkle what do you make of this^? My confidence is shattered and my night is ruined. :<Skrimiche,497,@ the cj debacle: im gonna sleep on it
and by sleep on it i mean im gonna forget about it until i remember that im playing in this game tomorrow and check the thread
o/Grones,498,Man, I have no idea, I, myself, lose half the meaning while typing up these posts

ARrghh I mean, ye be right on the trrrrreasure lass!HunterC98,499,isee that we have made a lovely circle of conversation....right where we started 'n such...10000 Jelly Doughnuts,500,You missed how he said I was scummy and then I gave a single response and he decided that was okay.

Hmmm. I don’t have an opinion on mark right now and that concerns me.Red_Pandas,501,very relatableTheHorla,502,I don't actually believe this, fyiTheHorla,503,Day 1 Votecount:
(2) nolynch: Gikkle, HunterC98
(2) cjbeats: 10000 Jelly Doughnuts, Red_Pandas
(2) gikkle: Azmimel, Grones
(1) mreevee7: Skrimiche
(1) chucklenuts: DAREALMoneyMan
(1) mitochondria: Mitochondria
(1) thehorla: Vizier
(3) Not voting: TheHorla, MrEevee7, CjBeats

You can view this votecount and all previous votecounts in the #votecounts channel in Discord.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,504,You can not believe it. I am saying this because as of this moment, it's true.

I'll go through your posts and see what I think after that.MrEevee7,505,[vote] gikkle [/vote]
@GikkleGrones,506,Argh! Well I don't be believing yer disbelief!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,507,

Spoiler: Mark's posts






PREGAME ^
---






























I think these are all of mark's post, did it by hand though so possible I missed one. Going to do a little step by step and assign arbitrary points to each post. These points add up to a fake final score that is entirely real and will determine my read.

Which will come in the next post so I can actually click on the quotes and read them as I'm drafting my response.
---

EDIT: hopefully fixed spoilers
EDIT 2: hopefully fixed spoilers?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,508,The first quarter of the day was rather weak until Mark enters in with his Pandas post, providing evidence to a joke gone awry. Nothing about the post is outstanding towny or scummy wise, although at the time it may have looked as a controversial opinion because of how everyone seemed to be whipped up into a frenzy about Pandas 'scum slip'
+1 Town Points

Asks about Pi pressuring eevee, which is incredibly NAI.

Goes back on his eevee read and admits it's impulsive, agreeing with mito. This I think marks the real end of the Eevee Pandas debate, although people would later also enforce their opinions on it.+1 Town points for admitting fault.

Dislikes a no-lynch, especially honing in on Azimel when at the time there were 4 people actually on the no-lynch train, asking none of them! I'm hesitant to call it tunneling, because it's not quite as aggressive as that, but in a couple posts down still thinks scum team could consist of Azimel, focusing on several things like Azimel considering Pandas to be jester. However, in the thread there were a fair amount of people considering jester as an option, why did Mark latch onto Azimel's posts about that and call it scummy? I feel as if there is some minor tunneling or busing here. +1 Scum points.

(Although looking at skrim's posts, they are rather weak in general, not providing reasoning until after someone calls her out on it bugs me as disinterested at the least and scummy at the most. Either way, NOT GOOD)

Mark continues to attack Azimel for things that other people did as well. +1 scum points. (Half the game was PM/setup speculating. Off the top of my head, Skrim and I did.)

Azimel sets up strawman; the argument continues. I'm now more leaning towards T/S or even T/T. I doubt S/S would use such terrible pushes to bus, and both Azimel and Mark would be fairly coordinated and careful on a bus if this were the case.

Final post is IIoA, heistant to assign scum or town intent to it, but I would argue that seems fairly out of character for him.

Final Score: 2 town points, 2 scum. An Azimel flip would be extremely helpful for resolving Mark; I think. If Az flips scum, Mark's a god-tier townie, because I don't see bussing in this scenario. If Az flips town, I'd hit mark with an investigative or a lynch.

Anyway, my thoughts on Mark. Minor ones on other people that have slipped under my radar.

---
Vizier (Arra): The vibes he gives off seem like someone rusty at mafia, not new. He has played in a couple minis here, but not ones that would justify his knowledge and apparent paranoia about lovers/cupid. I am extremely hesitant to say 'coaching' because that A: make me look like a jerk, and B: has bitten me on the butt of course. It's possible he researched and gained knowledge, and I think that my initial paranoia of 'COACHING?!!?!1!' is unfounded. Slight TR.

Hunter: TR. I have no idea how much Hunter has played before, but I'll assume he's new. He seems townie overwhelmed with learning the game. I think scum would provide more guidance in scum chat if he had rolled wolf. Of course, if Hunter does flip wolf, I think we can assume that wolves are inactive. 

Pi: Pi's town. I just feel it. Gut reasoning is of course bad, but he's acting like he does as town. 

Eevee: I think Eevee is a slight town lean for me, his confusion earlier with Pandas feels genuine. Also I don't think scum eevee naked votes like town does.HunterC98,509,If its anything worth mentioning, I was also aware of a Lovers style of role by Youtube....so that is a full possibilities.Gikkle,510,I'm not sure why you're tagging me specifically when I haven't really interacted with Cj but whatever

Also not sure if you are asking what I think of what you're saying about him or Cj in general

Your analysis is weird
One of your posts is like, why not just ask him why he picked the SR on you out of the others to question. Why make this statement without first asking Cj? Unless you did and I missed it...

I'm not too sure what the point of this analysis is if your conclusion is just "he might be town". Did you have some kind of big SR on him or something and this was supposed to be what made you turn around on that? I don't quite understand why you'd do an analysis on someone and just come up with "his progression MIGHT be natural", unless you strongly SRed them, but I don't see a reason why you would this early. 

Is this supposed to be some kind of test? I genuinely don't understand why you would make this post and not come up with a better conclusion than this.

My opinion on Cj? Idk, I haven't bothered trying to read him. Only people I've formed reads on are Mark(TR), Mito(LTR), Pandas(TR), and Eevee(LSR). Maybe someone else I've forgotten about, idk.Gikkle,511,How come you can't delete post drafts anymore :/Skrimiche,512,i did? p sure i only did it for like 2 posts before realizing it was a dead end

what other info would an azmimel flip give?

because i love you

i
...
hey @CjBeats why did you pick out the SR on me out of the others to question

i thought i had a (lightish?) scumread on him but then i lost confidence in it when i went to look at the posts that pinged me

gosh gikkle dont make me spell it out
it's 'cause im baaad ( ༎ຶ ۝ ༎ຶ )Red_Pandas,513,feeling good, might make 1 singular readGikkle,514,w.shoot Skrimiche
Mmm
Alright
What's your current read on Cj now then? Null? Light TR?
Sorry Red_Pandas,515,what do this meanGikkle,516,Information instead of analysisRed_Pandas,517,well I managed to read an entire ISO without forming any opinions at all
10000 Jelly Doughnuts,518,Information on Pandas. If Azimel flips scum, I'd say its safe to assume Pandas isn't scum.
That happens sometimes :/Skrimiche,519,if 1 is town and 10 is scum, then he's at about a 6Grones,520,Who ye ruffians be lynching?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,521,I'd be fine with a CJ or Azimel lynch for reasons stated somewhere in the thread.

Or you for the memes.HunterC98,522,about 6 hours till the notalynch happens, if someone is intent on going in the gallows, time is a running out..Gikkle,523,I think I'm top wagon rn
idek whyTheHorla,524,Why does gikkle have votes lolHunterC98,525,Oh? Welp, guess the gallows will be claiming a soul.....less folks wise up.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,526,Agreed, looks like some of them are for no reason lolRed_Pandas,527,[unvote][/unvote]TheHorla,528,Really don't understand the case against gikkle (literally none of his posts have registered with me.) Reading back, but until then [vote]No lynch[/vote]HunterC98,529,all i have on Gikkle so far is some very brazen remarks that honestly read as trying to bluff about an assigned role, and as much as i actually wanna vote for him..it just doesnt seem worth lynching in my eyes..Skrimiche,530,not me? ;O

also what
people are voting gikkle?HunterC98,531,A handful are, but right now looks like No lynch is winning.Grones,532,Yarrr! no lynching be a funny!

[vote] no lynch [/vote]TheHorla,533,You going to explain why you were originally on the gikkle wagon and are now switching off?TheHorla,534,Day 1 Votecount:
(4) nolynch: Gikkle, Grones, TheHorla, HunterC98
(1) cjbeats: 10000 Jelly Doughnuts
(2) gikkle: Azmimel, MrEevee7
(1) mreevee7: Skrimiche
(1) chucklenuts: DAREALMoneyMan
(1) mitochondria: Mitochondria
(1) thehorla: Vizier
(2) Not voting: Red_Pandas, CjBeats
The next votecount will be processed in 0.5 hours. You can view this votecount and all previous votecounts in the #votecounts channel in Discord.Grones,535,Methinks he be conspirators along the vile Skrimiche. Their RVS be more rotton than a landlubber's body left at sea.Grones,536,I be opposed to sendin ol' sailor Azimel down ye plankGrones,537,Both o' these 'ere sailors be experienced voyagers. They be from Port Chucklefish. 

Methinks yer Arra read be mighty suspiciousitious, on me grandmother's warts! Ye say ye be disregardin yer paranoia and yer seasickness, an' then ye reckon 'im a loyal sailor. If ye aint factorin in no coaching, none o'that, then what have ye to base yer read o'him? Ye mention but nothin else!TheHorla,538,Expand on this please?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,539,Why?
Yea but if someone starts playing mafia again after a break, it takes them a bit to get in the groove of things.
Also arra’s posted like 15 times, most of them being memes, calm a bit down in asking for a surefire read. I saw one post that was weird and then discounted it when I was being unreasonable.MrEevee7,540,[unvote] [/unvote]MrEevee7,541,Why are we no lynching..?Grones,542,Then why ye be readin 'im as a loyal sailor, instead o' null?Grones,543,erybody be voting Skrimiche off the plank early, an' Gikkle be mighty strange when he be doing it.


These posts be soundin' the bells o' enemy fire, methinks.

Voyagin on, he be letting out mysterious words

An' with no explanation o'er th'horizon

He be a dangerous pirate, methinksAzmimel,544,Reading up right now. One of us should be on for EoD.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,545,I said slight town read. Like so slight it nearly doesn’t matter.Grones,546,Hmmmmmm
Arrrrrrr ye suuurrrre 'bout that? Ye clearrrrly considered it important enough t'include in yer listAzmimel,547,[unvote][/unvote]

I didn't vote at all yesterday, so I'm almost certain that the Gikkle vote is from RVS.



I logged on a couple of minutes after he posted claiming mafia. I think the above is my first post of the day.I guessed this was a ploy by him to get voted, and that sharing the information about his PM was another way to make himself suspicious. It didn't matter to my argument that was he said was the truth or not, what mattered is that he decided to share it with us.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,548,I literally said above it: people who have been slipping under my radar. Smh illiterate pirate.Grones,549,Hmrrrrrr
Arghhhh
I be keepin me good eye on ye, tricksy sea dogRorschach,550,Guys remember to submit your flavors for game B, EOD is coming up and so is the deadline for that. Please submit it in your game B folder excel if possible, that automates things and makes the turnaround a lot quicker.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,551,Oh. Yea I should do that.DAREALMoneyMan,552,Just read and up and things. Not going to bother to give reads on people I didn't pay attention to. Even though I have done it in the past, I am disappointed people aren't following up on stuff they think is scummy just because jester is possible in this game. You guys are better than me!

Azmimel thingy



Spoiler: Full ISO




























































Spoiler: Notable Posts




Reported for bad takes. You are trying to rationalize his scummy behavior via "oh maybe post modifier!" 
I'd like to mention that I didn't find what Panda said about his pm not including his faction was scummy! If it was true, I feel like the other scum mates would notice, given the team follows the typical 1:4 ratio, they were missing someone. Back on topic, if you say he was being so scummy (even if obvious), why are you attempting to find an excuse for him (oh, he is probably Jester, or has a post modifier). Just because it is possible in the game does not mean you value it over dayplay. ALSO, a post modifier making you act scummy is stupid and I don't see Machine adding it. You could then chalk off all scummy behaviors to the modifier.
Because it was a joke? He was making light of the situtation?
Take note for later (referring to Panda).
It is always RVS for Panda (but I agree we shouldn't pass things off just because they say "oH it was RVS!"). You say here that you don't think he is towny, and referring to above post you said he was either village idiot or neutral. Thus, you think he is neutral in your own words. If you really thought he was neutral, why aren't you trying to see what type of neutral he is or voting him!
Town points here.

I have done this along with many other people in many other games. It is an obvious joke I:
NAI!! I don't think admitting that you made a boo boo is alignment indicative.
Refer to the post above x2
Well I don't think he really needed to say it was a joke considering it was obvious.
Too lazy to see what you are responding to here :/
Already said why this is stupid!



[vote]Azmimel[/vote]

I am also suspicious of Cj and Panda but I have other things to do. Like Bike. And Eat. And SleepDAREALMoneyMan,553,Also Mark you should give me the ISO bot!TheHorla,554,I am too tired to keep arguing here but this is another strawman. I am saying that if panda did not know his alignment, then him posting "I don't have an alignment" is obviously NAI. If you think he is lying for some reason, that is a different argument (and closer to the one you made.) When reading pandas, it matters what you thought his PM read; that is why I said you were speculating about his PM.Rorschach,555,Ryast has the ISO bot, not Mark.TheHorla,556,Ryast posted a link in #announcementsSkrimiche,557,why me owo
your post elaborating on this only had gikkle quotes

do you think azmimel & pandas are on the same scumteam or different scum alignmentsGrones,558,Gikkle be voting ye, then he be opposed t'me voting ye. It be worrying, like an ill tide.MrEevee7,559,Is there a reason were no lynching..?HunterC98,560,cause most everyone who was willing to lynch has either no voted or unvoted.Grones,561,Nightfall be in 10 minutesGrones,562,Arrrr! I be wrrrrrong! 50 minutes!Red_Pandas,563,[vote] no-lynch [/vote]
why notGrones,564,[vote] panda [/vote] 
I be a wacky pirateSkrimiche,565,bruh you made me panicHunterC98,566,I made myself panic..i thought i missed it.Skrimiche,567,[vote]no-lynch[/vote]Mitochondria,568,Refuse to vote for a D1 no lynch on principle so uh

[vote] Skrim [/vote]Mitochondria,569,Actually nah, I think Skrim's fine

[vote] Gikkle [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,570,Why Gikkle?Gikkle,571,i'm a good boi
I just like human flesh, nothing wrong with thatMitochondria,572,Bad gut feel, didn't do much of anything today, no other targets I feel strongly about right now.Mitochondria,573,Actually that's a lie, my pet theory is that Pi's scum but y'all ain't ready for that discussion yetDAREALMoneyMan,574,SameDAREALMoneyMan,575,Wait- why are we no lynching? Meh.Grones,576,I'lla turn'a you into'a pasta lasagna mama miaHunterC98,577,captain....who is this italian dude?TheHorla,578,Oh I'm ready for that discussion!


Re: today's lynch, fine with no lynch since the gikkle wagon is really weak and I'm not confident in anyone else (even azmimel) to eliminate.Rorschach,579,Esther is wheeled into the large room by a rather tall butler fellow, his tailcoats hovering so as not to touch the floor, and he carefully unfolds a little table and places it in the center of the room.

"You really chose not to lynch anyone?" Esther says distastefully, her eyes narrowing, eyelids you never knew were there stretching to do so. "You are all fools. You have one minute to kill someone. Or else." She says, as the butler places a large shotgun on the table. 

The first player to reply to this post with [SHOOT] @Player [/SHOOT] will take the gun and kill the player they tag.Grones,580,Who arrrrrre ye an' what ye done to th'real MarkTheHorla,581,Ever since gikkle and I got stats on our D1 lynch record, I've come around pretty hard in favour of D1 no-lynching when we have zero clue what to do. We used to NL all the time (and had a decent track record back then) - we should revive the practice!Grones,582,ARGHHH NOBODY TAKE TH'GUNGrones,583,IF ANY O' YE USE TH'GUN I BE HUNTIN' FOR YE TILL THE END O' ME DAYSRorschach,584,"Well? I'm waiting. If you do not do it, I will kill three of you where you stand." Esther says tersely.Gikkle,585,[SHOOT]@Rorschach[/SHOOT]TheHorla,586,Yeah, anyone who uses this gun without discussion gets lynched today.Grones,587,AAAAAAAAAADAREALMoneyMan,588,Can we kill Azmel Grones,589,AAAAAAAAAARRRDAREALMoneyMan,590,WE NEED TO CHOOSE SOMEONE OR 3 MORE DIE - I DON'T WANT TO DIEETheHorla,591,Everyone, relax. 

If machine wants us to lynch someone, then we'll do it. Do not shoot.Gikkle,592,kinda wanna shoot skrim... Not for any good reason, I've just always wanted to do it in a proper mafia game instead of a wolfia game...DAREALMoneyMan,593,but what if I shot scum :>Rorschach,594,There is no Rorschach in the game.Grones,595,How about I shoot ye, ye scalleywagGikkle,596,what happens if I shoot myselfDAREALMoneyMan,597,guys there is 1 minute until eod so we dont have time to change the wagon from no lynchGrones,598,RIP 3 people arrrrrghDAREALMoneyMan,599,I rather that then 3 random people dyingGikkle,600,[SHOOT]@Gikkle[/SHOOT]

LETS GOOORorschach,601,You lose the game if you shoot yourself.

EOD was 15 minute ago. Welcome to twilight.Grones,602,NOOOOOOOO ARGHHHGikkle,603,Great!Rorschach,604,Action not submitted properly.Grones,605,[shoot]@Mitochondria[/shoot]
GIKKLE WHY ARGHHHDAREALMoneyMan,606,WHY10000 Jelly Doughnuts,607,oh shoot, no pun intended.Gikkle,608,[SHOOT] @Gikkle [/SHOOT]DAREALMoneyMan,609,watch as mito is scum though lmaoGrones,610,I BE SO CONFUSED HELP MEEEEEGrones,611,NO 
ARGHHH STOP WHYYYYGikkle,612,You didn't do it correctly either, you fool!

SEE Y'ALL IN THE AFTERLIFE

IT'S BETTER THAN SLOWLY WALKING FOR ETERNITY TOWARDS MY ROOMDAREALMoneyMan,613,why has my post count in twilight been triple than that of dayGrones,614,[SHOOT] @Mitochondria [/SHOOT]

Arghhh! TAKE MINE NOT GIKKLE I BE THE CAP'NTheHorla,615,...Grones,616,MITO BE SCUM YARR HARR HARRGrones,617,Arghhh I be blamin' Gikkle 
He be an agent o' chaos, a bombardier10000 Jelly Doughnuts,618,What the heck was that?1Grones,619,GIKKLE BE TOWN IF HE BE SHOOTIN' 'IMSELF 

I BE SAVIN A LOYAL SAILOR ABOARD THIS VESSEL10000 Jelly Doughnuts,620,I meant with mito, but honestly thanks for the explanation for town gikkle too?TheHorla,621,gikkle is town right lol

like

there's no wayRorschach,622,
Gikkle and Grones rush for the gun, however, Grones is just a bit faster, pulling the gun out and aiming it at @Mitochondria.

The gun explodes in his face, and @Grones topples to the ground.






"That's better." Esther says. "Perhaps this will teach the rest of you to be more decisive." She says, gesturing as the butler wheels her out of the room, picking up the gun from the corpse of Grones as they pass.

Day 1 has ended.Gikkle,623,I have a thick shell skull, I can take it!Grones,624,If Gikkle be shootin' 'imself, he be violatin' the CODE! He be breakin 'is wincon, so the 'eavens be strikin 'im down in MODKILL

but he be shootin' 'imself

a negative times a negative be a positive YARRRRR 

HE LIVES!
@Rorschach LET 'IM LIVEGikkle,625,c'mon man!TheHorla,626,jfcGrones,627,????
GIKKLE BE FIRST YARRRRAzmimel,628,EXCUSE ME 

wtfGrones,629,@Rorschach Gikkle actually shot and formatted correctly before me, though.Gikkle,630,I am canonically the slowest person in this game. I will probably not make it to my room until September/October.DAREALMoneyMan,631,no role flip?Gikkle,632,^ this

I shot myself fair and square! Let it happen!Grones,633,day is over no more discussion!!!!Rorschach,634,Night has started. No further game discussion is allowed. I did not make any errors.Rorschach,635,Forgot to add the song to the Start of Night Post.
Updated.Grones,636,@Rorschach title btwRorschach,637,As you all begin to enter the main dining area for breakfast, you recognize an old, surprisingly not dead face. @Grones was fortunate, and the gunshot blast was not fatal. On the other hand... @MrEevee7 will not be joining you. Not only are both of his left legs missing, but he is in fact, dead. The poor centaur.

The stench of death is strong. There's a raven sitting on the tables. Dead. A nametag on it indicates that its name was "Clive."
A note from Esther sits with it. "Don't disappoint me today. Or I will make sure you are disappointed in yourselves."



Spoiler: MrEevee7 Flip



Virgil the Centaur, the Village Lie Detecting Oracular Vigilante



I hope you enjoy your breakfast as the sun rises...

Day will end at 4:30 PM EST on Sunday, August 8th, with a Twilight of 1.5 hours.Skrimiche,638,uh ohhhhRed_Pandas,639,that seems that it would be powerfulGikkle,640,I've totally forgotten basically everything that happened in this game

Who did we suspect again? Mito?Azmine,641,Pi, did anything happen while you were "dead"Azmimel,642,you’re on the wrong accountAzmimel,643,Wow that's crazyHunterC98,644,Oh captain my captain, are you still alive?TheHorla,645,How does Oracular work?Red_Pandas,646,by miracle, probably caused by him being coolRorschach,647,Ask question, receive answer.TheHorla,648,Was the scope of the questions limited in any way?Rorschach,649,
HunterC98,650,Answer it NOBALLSGikkle,651,Isoing myself to jog my memory as to what has happened


Spoiler: my posts












































Gikkle,652,Mark/Pandas/Grones I guess are my TRs for today? Idk I'm going with my past self

I also apparently TRed Mito but idk whyGikkle,653,ISOing Eevee for nk analysis purposes


Spoiler: Eevee ISO






























Gikkle,654,Eevee's main contribution was pushing Pandas
Some shade thrown on Mito at some point too but nothing significantGikkle,655,[VOTE]Pandas[/VOTE]

carrying on my boy eevee's legacy!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,656,The pandas argument isn't really strong at all. I wouldn't think mafia would go and try to frame Pandas by killing eevee when the read was mediocre.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,657,I'm honestly confused about the NK in general. Eevee is usually lynchbait, not a NK. What is mafia doing?Gikkle,658,Doesn't your second sentence support the pandas argument
They aren't gonna be trying to frame him, so the only real reason to kill Eevee is to silence him if pandas is scumGikkle,659,In what game was eevee killed n1 because mafia was purposefully doing weird kills
Can anyone remind meMitochondria,660,I'm gonna be honest, I forgot everything that was happening in this game

Big wtf to Pi for trying to kill me when I wasn't on at the very end of the last day phase, not a fan of that play at all. Personal feelings about getting merc'd aside, it was super impulsive and, imo, big scum energy to make a move like that.Grones,661,I lived *****Grones,662,Yarrr ye be scumGrones,663,No yarrrrrGrones,664,It was be to save Gikkle and 3 townies yarrrr

Ye be scumAzmimel,665,Any thoughts beyond thatGrones,666,The mutineers be cowards n killed a sailor who ne'er voted a soul. We be hardp'essed t'read this 'ere kill.Grones,667,He be scum
I be a soulreadin cap'nTheHorla,668,I am backAzmimel,669,I mean you soulread jelly last game so I'm almost inclined to believe you.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,670,Ah. Yea. Whoops. Sorry. Yea. That's what I mean.Rorschach,671,Hi back, I'm dad.Red_Pandas,672,Ngl I would probably be the mafia member that would be the most sacrifice-able
I don't think mafia would want to keep ,me alone so much they kill eevee just for having a slight scum read on me
if I had a powerful role maybe
but I dont think that would be the entire reason the kill happenedAzmimel,673,This post reeks of town idkGrones,674,Mafia most likely be lookin at votes
Eevee be a no-voter
they be killin 'imTheHorla,675,Sorry just quoting this post as a test10000 Jelly Doughnuts,676,What do you mean?Azmimel,677,Why would they want to kill a novoter?Grones,678,Mafia be wishin' t'lay low. They be murderin' sailors who 'ave no strong reads. Eevee ended day on no vote, yarrr!Grones,679,This be no hypothetical. Look'er at the vote counts, ye scalleywag. Eevee be never votin.Azmimel,680,Yes, but what's your pointCjBeats,681,Did not most of the lads and ladies within this establishment either not vote or vote for a no-lynch? I do not think voting is the right way to look at this.Grones,682,-_-
Ye be intentionally obtuse, yarrrrAzmimel,683,Probably, it's kinda lateGrones,684,The laws o' this ship, the Game C, be dictatin' that any sailor that be killed, be a loser. If ye wish to win this 'ere voyage, ye live. The wincons be different, and we be no-lynchin'.Red_Pandas,685,why?Red_Pandas,686,I didn't post yesterday when I first read stuff but Gikkle's vote on me purely off of continuing Eevee's legacy
it just doesn't seem like something a town would actually doRed_Pandas,687,I like azmimels posts tbhRed_Pandas,688,It feels like Eevee was pretty controversial yesterday and slightly scum read so I'm confused on why scum decided to kill EeveeRed_Pandas,689,sorry for the quintuple post O_O

I kiiiind of don't like Skrim's posts, but not enough to feel like it deserves a scumread
I think I need some others thoughts for this read
what do y'all think of Skrim?Grones,690,Ye be right, we be sendin her off the plank10000 Jelly Doughnuts,691,What’s up with Skrim?Grones,692,/shrug
YarrCjBeats,693,/shrug?Red_Pandas,694,I was thinking something a bit more specific but I guess that worksGrones,695,I be messin' with Pandas
He may be a mutineer, methinks 
"Skrimiche should die maybe? Thoughts?" 
Be the mutineer words.Red_Pandas,696,that is an extreme misinterpretation of my words, captain.Grones,697,A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P 
a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p 


yarr!Grones,698,YarrrRed_Pandas,699,yeah but then that makes it confusing to quoteGikkle,700,who da heck tripped over me last nightGikkle,701,@Red_Pandas what are your reads?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,702,Was that you lol?CjBeats,703,What doth thou mean trip?Skrimiche,704,you forgot why you scumread me, didnt youGikkle,705,was it you, Jelly?!! Very rude!CjBeats,706,Pwease Gikkle wikkle, expwain to wittle ole me.Gikkle,707,someone tripped over me CjBeats,708,I do not understand.Gikkle,709,you don't need to.CjBeats,710,HmmGrones,711,Yarrrr, I be questionin' the importance o' this voyage 

I propose a nolynch again! Yarrr!
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Gikkle,712,can't believe mafia chose eevee to lose first
they must hate eevee personally, since he wasn't even that big of a voice
wow mafia, so rude10000 Jelly Doughnuts,713,Look, I didn't mean to.Gikkle,714,I also got a pillow last night, thanks to whoever gave that to me. much comfy.Red_Pandas,715,any apparent consequences or effects?
Almost no reads tbh, but so far Pi TR and Azmimel slight tr
Pi we have to get flip info at SOME point
Agreed
any effects?Azmimel,716,Not a single sr?Red_Pandas,717,Nope, not one!Red_Pandas,718,Money has barely posted and the only post he seemed to put effort into is just weak arguments against already weak-ish points
it's not like bad-bad so I'm not sure if it is enough to make me feel like a possible S!Money or not
but it is thereRed_Pandas,719,this isn't responding to Azmimel's question, this is cause I JUST looked at Money's postsGikkle,720,who we killinTheHorla,721,[vote]Grones[/vote]

Still very loopy right now, but my reasoning right now is something like this:
- voting no lynch on D1 is an actually sound idea, but voting no lynch on D2 is bad
- him picking up the gun and shooting mito was actually really scummy
- gonna say that still being alive after being blown up is kinda scummy, despite his (feigned?) surprise todayTheHorla,722,The flip side of this argument, though, is that shooting another player is a better play than shooting yourself. Obviously what gikkle did was super townie, but he had a 100% chance of killing town; from town-pi's perspective, he had a 1/4 chance of hitting scum, which is better odds than gikkle's play.

The other tinfoil theory is that gikkle is scum, knew the thing was harmless, and shot himself for town points, but that strikes me as super unlikely.

Still overall, decent scumread on grones for now; I'll keep my vote here for now.Red_Pandas,723,I have no ideaRed_Pandas,724,The forced killing at EoD had almost no hints beforehand possibly revealing it, Mafia would almost never know whether it was real/fake unless Esther (or whoever the person was, I think thats who) is working with the mafia.
I feel like Gikkle self-shot would be extremely risky of a play from scum so that makes me feel like it was a town move.
I would have to check back but if Pi had an SR on Mito it can make sense from a town PoV
however from what I remember, and saw from reading back for reads, Mito wasn't his strongest SR at least from appearance, as compared to people like Skrim and Gikkle (iirc)

Decent point though overall, I didn't do much speculating on pi's shots so this could be a very possible thing
This also makes sense
also I keep forgetting that pi got blown up by itharass,725,never knew a new mafia game was going on
/backupTheHorla,726,I mean, I don't want to speculate too much since there's just a chance the thing was harmless for anyone. But it's a big ??? why he's still here

I also have some thoughts about his actual reads but I really need sleep, I'll post them asap tomorrow; hopefully we can get decent discussion in the last 12ish hours or so and get a decent lynchTheHorla,727,Oh yeah I forgot lol

Grones is voting no lynch even after what happened yesterday

Machine sent a clear message that no lynches -> bad, and grones is basically going "yeah let's touch that hot poker again yarrrr"Grones,728,I be forgivin Mark's votes o' me since he be dyin' and recoverin', from his landlubber vaccine.Grones,729,Also, Mito be scum.CjBeats,730,Then why not vote him instead of a no lynch?Red_Pandas,731,[VOTE] Grones [/VOTE] igGrones,732,Pandas and Mito be scum, methinks

Panda be a timid scum, he be saying this





He never be taking strong stances aboard his vessel. He be test th'waters, lookin' through a glass t'see if fellow mutineers be with 'im. 

Mito/Panda/Someone else 
Mutineerers! 

[vote] Panda [/vote]Red_Pandas,733,I never have strong stances on anything in mafia
this isnt a new thingGrones,734,Maybe so, but ye be testin' th'water to mislynch POOR SKRIMICHE YARRRRRRed_Pandas,735,"I kiiiind of don't like Skrim's posts, but not enough to feel like it deserves a scumread"
as in
"I don't have a Skrim SR because their posts aren't quite bad enough"
also don't you have a Skrim SR?Grones,736,No, I be spurrin ye on t'see what ye do
I be naked votin Skrimiche, and ye went "ok cool". That be tellin' me ye perfectly good with her bein' thrown o'erboard. If ye didn't SR her, why ye be sayin:
Hmmm? 
Yerrrrrr a scum one! Mr Grinch!Red_Pandas,737,I was trying to say "maybe elaborate on why"
worded in a passive-aggressive kind of wayGikkle,738,Why are y'all voting Grones10000 Jelly Doughnuts,739,Money's busy rn.

Pandas reads are a bit sheepish imo, I could see a scum pandas. Placeholder vote, so I don’t get punished if I didn’t vote.

Sorry, busy today. Might be on before EOD but I don’t see it. 

[Vote]Pandas[/Vote]TheHorla,740,I actually agree on the pandas read but why is Mito scum lolGrones,741,Gut and this post
YarrrrTheHorla,742,I'm a bit more sane now fyi

It's kinda suspicious that jelly is parroting pi's vote JUST as I vote grones, which I did not expect

So I see sorta two possible scum teams: pandas/azmine or jelly/piTheHorla,743,That post is fine? I would scumread you if you shot me. And Mito has barely done anything so no idea how you can have a gut read on them in any direction.Grones,744,One death wasn't enough for these mutineer traitors yarrrGrones,745,T H E G U T 

Y A R RRed_Pandas,746,Mark made some posts about it
who am I sheeping with my votes though?
that post is fine?
gut is not enough hereRed_Pandas,747,with my reads*Red_Pandas,748,im pretty sure all my reads are original except the Pi read which ofc is because of markTheHorla,749,Yeah pandas is wheeling votes iirc, he's just being super underconfidentGikkle,750,Oh wait people only lose the game when they are lynched? Not when nked I guess according to the wording of the ruleTheHorla,751,Should read "isn't sheeping"Gikkle,752,Spring has sprung?Azmimel,753,S-Skrim is scum?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,754,Okay on lunch (not lynch, phone) break. Let me explain my pandas read, because I didn’t even see pi’s post really in depth.

Pandas feels noncommittal in any of his reads, which isn’t AI in itself, but then he asks about Cash. Cash, who is out of the game entirely rn, has been immune to lynches and what not afaik, and tries to get suspicion on him. That’s something pretty hard to miss, and I feel like pandas is trying to make a distraction somehow. Therefore scum.

Pi’s scummy too imo, but I have that weird feeling he could be jester and hope someone would be kind enough to kill him.Azmimel,755,oh we’re doing this again, are we?Azmimel,756,From machine on the discord

"
@Player i am making the executive decision to extend day 24 hours due to some housekeeping issues I need to deal with potentially preventing me from having internet during day end.

Day will now end at 4:45 on Monday, with a twilight of 1.5 hours. 

Game B will start 15 minutes after twilight ends in games A&C.
"Mitochondria,757,[vote] Pi [/vote]

Barring a dramatic new development, my vote's probably not moving. Mark kinda stole my thunder, but here are the main reason's Pi's probably scum:
-Again, the gun play was terrible. I'm biased, yeah, but I've never been in a situation where someone's been killed right at EoD when they can't defend themselves by town. Huge town points for Gikkle for his response; Gikkle, if you're scum then congrats, you pocketted me.

-Voting for someone immediately after Mark called him out for no lynching is a bad look imo. I also think it's odd he went for Pandas instead of me (and the no lynch instead of me yesterday) considering half his posts are about he soulreads me as scum. Why is he shading me (and trying to daykill me lol) instead of getting a wagon going?

-As I said yesterday, Pi's D1 play was blegh. I can go back through the posts and find examples of all these things if anyone really wants, but I remember disliking how much he was/is controlling the thread and discussion (shooting down discussion topics he didn't like, e.g. some CJ/Jelly (?) argument from yesterday, trying to railroad my death at EoD yesterday, etc.). My pet theory is that the pirate modifier's faked so he can seem more entertaining (thus more townie) and get away with having leaps in logic by blaming misinterpretations of his post on the modifier.

Unrelated question but @Gikkle was your human flesh problem resolved last night?Grones,758,Machine be threatenin t'kill 3 people. Gikkle conftown. You? Probably scum. Yarrrr it be the best play aboard the vessel


Gettin' ye lynched be a fool's errand. easier t'get yer fellow mutineer.



Idk what this be meanin' so I be ignorin' it.

I be willin' t'hop off th'plank, but absolutely kill Mito and Panda after I flip Town yarrrr harrrGrones,759,This lynch o'me be very strrrrange. Scum motivated, obviously. Mito and Panda be needin' t'die, ye landlubbers'll see. Yarrrrrr

Last scum (if there) be unknown t'me.Grones,760,NoGrones,761,My role be verrrrrrry scummy so I be not claimin even if I be fixin' t'die. If I die, I die. I won't be winnin even if town be winnin' but I be biased, anywhoo, so do be sendin Mito and Panda off th'boat when I be gone.

Rid me o'this cursed post modifier
[vote] Panda [/vote]Red_Pandas,762,When did I ask about cash
the person I actually asked about was Skrim, Cash is just the one who I have the least of a read on out of the players I've looked at.
I actually have been forgetting that Cash is immune to stuff, but I don't even want to Lynch them so that shouldn't even matter right now
Don't use the extremely slim possibility of a jester to avoid a Lynch on them
If you could explain why he's more scummy then you that would be great
If you think there are 2 scum you know of it shouldn't matter much who you decide to kill
this doesn't make sense from town
What is this
Bad
ScummyRed_Pandas,763,Anyone else find it extremely weird that Gikkle is just now theorizing about this, instead of on day 1?

(also just noticed @Rorschach thread title is incorrect I think)Grones,764,I don't really wanna reply to this bc none of the things you said mean anything
I feel like youre purposefully misunderstanding my posts or just asking questions to appear like you're open to changing your mind, when you really just want a mislynch.

Anyways, imma dip for rest of day because I don't really understand what game C is even for? And with Mark and Mito trying to get me lynched, I'm probably dead anyways, which ofc means I lose the game and idc about town winning if I lose, cuz im a wacky selfish biatch. Anywhoo, kill Panda and Mito afterwards.

Yarrrr!Rorschach,765,When they die.Rorschach,766,Shhhhh nooooo its perfect definitely says Day 2Gikkle,767,The fact you find it weird is weird because I just went back to look at the rules and that's why I'm talking about it lolGikkle,768,I still have a craving for human flesh, but I wouldn't call it a problem.Skrimiche,769,grones town
won't be on for most of today (or this week in general tbh) but let it be known!Skrimiche,770,grones town bc he's not acting like he does as scum (from what i remember, anyways; dont rly use/pay attention to meta personally)Red_Pandas,771,You're dodging everything I said in the post, by saying I'm misunderstanding your posts. (If we're both misunderstanding each other this much that would be bad but I don't see exactly how I'm misunderstanding what you're saying.)
If you really think I'm misunderstanding your posts in a way that's harmful to the town right now, you should be correcting what you said or what I misunderstood about it. If I'm getting everything wrong I really would like to know that.
Also referring to me voting someone I SR as "wanting a mislynch" is very scummy to say imo
I can't even explain how bad this sounds
Hm, must be me then.
I just feel like half-way through D2 is a weird time to be looking back at the rules
This doesn't make sense to meTheHorla,772,Reading upRorschach,1,[No mods this is not a duplicate it makes sense if you play the game. I'm sorry that my initial setup looks like spam. We'll be using all three threads. They're not the same.]






The rain falls steadily, the castle rising up.

The carriage we follow in this wet muck sprays up mud every few yards or so, drenching any passerby more than they were before. The rickety shaft of the undercarriage creaks and groans, before the vehicle eventually comes to a stop, the horses pulling it whinnying in annoyance.

Yet another dark carriage in the line tonight, outside the front gate. Some of their inhabitants were invited and came readily...others...not so much.
Thrown in like sacks of potatoes. Today the thunder does not rush across the landscape. For this is a sad day. This is a day someone dies.

This is Mafia.

Please read the following information carefully. Many rules are not the same, and the setup is atypical from what you are familiar with. Do not sign up until you have read how to sign up.



Spoiler: What is Mafia?



Mafia is all about lies and charisma, or at least synthesized charisma. The game typically follows a cycle of discussion whereupon a player is voted out of the game, followed by a cycle where silence reigns, and players may submit their actions which could include such types of things as protection, killing, or investigation.

The game is normally composed of 2 main factions, an uninformed majority, traditionally referred to as "town" or "village," and an informed minority known as "mafia" or "wolves." The wolves' goal is to equal or outnumber the townies, while the town's goal is to eliminate all wolves.

Sometimes there are additional alignments, such as additional mafia factions, or third party roles which can win with any side, or with nobody else.






Spoiler: The General Rules



These rules do not follow a priority system. They are considered sacred, and will not take precedence over one another. These rules may be pre-empted by more game-specific rules, but unless you are explicitly told otherwise either in an official DM by me, or by a specific rule governing a thread posted by me, these rules are hard and fast.

Obey all rules associated with the forum.
Do not discuss the game outside of this thread or host-approved DMs.
Play towards you or your alignments win condition.
Do not post anything in the thread after you die. Memes are fine, as long as they are not game related in any way.
Do not post game related stuff during the cycle at which actions are traditionally resolved. (This is normally referred to as a "night" phase.)
Do not post anything I send you in a DM in any way. This includes copy-pasting, screenshotting or capturing images in any other way. I will give you explicit permission if you are allowed to share something. Otherwise, assume you are not.
Paraphrasing things is fine.
You may not delete your posts, nor edit the post such that the content of the post's meaning is changed. This means only fix grammatical or spelling mistakes if you are editing your posts.
This game will be run across three threads. You will only need to keep track of 2, and only one of those two will have discussion at a time. (Traditionally referred to as a "day" phase.)
As a moderator, I am not bound to always tell the truth. I will avoid lying where possible, but to keep the integrity of the setup, it may necessitate explicitly lying about certain functionalities until they have been triggered.
Nights will be action phases, while days will be discussion phases.
Alignments in other threads are not indicative of alignments in this thread, and vice-versa.
I will not respond to in thread tags.
I will not answer questions in thread.
I will not read questions in thread.
I will respond to my oldest DMed question first. So if you spitfire, sorry it's just I gotta handle the load in one order or another.
You may not discuss a different game in a different thread. (No discussing Game A in Game B's thread.)
This includes Game A/C Combos. Even if you're not playing in both, you may not discuss the one you're not in in your host thread.

I could lie and say that flavor isn't alignment indicative, but that would be a lie. Flavor could be alignment indicative. Or role indicative. Or both.
Duplicates are possible. Even flavor duplicates.

Vote ties are not necessarily handled the same way cycle to cycle or game to game. If not specified at the start of a cycle, assume that it is whoever was at the higher number of votes the longest.
If Player A has 8 votes and Player B has 7 votes, then someone votes player B, player A is still lynched.
If instead someone unvotes player A, player A is still lynched.

No roles are banned from play. This includes OG Jester which kills everyone when it wins.
The bot is doing vote counts. (Thanks Mark.)
Due to the nature of the setup, hydras are discouraged but not outlawed.
THERE IS NOT DEAD CHAT. 
THERE IS NO SPECTATOR'S CHAT.
YOU DO NOT RECEIVE THE ROLE LIST UPON DEATH. 
YOU MAY NOT DISCUSS THE GAME UPON DEATH.




The following three spoilers will discuss specific rules that are different between the three concurrent games. Signing up for game A or game C will also sign you up for game B.


Spoiler: Rules: Game A



As with the previous rules section, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game A's thread specifically.

The capacity of players in this thread must be at a maximum, one less than the capacity of players in Game C. For preference, this game will have two less players than Game C. It runs most optimally with 9 or more players.
Being lynched in this game means you lose the game. Winners get to live to tell about it. Losers do not.
The game follows a traditional layout of Day Discussion and Night Actions. Cycles will last approximately 48 hours each (Night=48hrs, Day=48hrs), but will be updated at the start of each cycle to clarify as needed.
The order of operations for this game is hidden. As such, you will not receive it if asking.
The "town," or uninformed majority faction will be referred to as the mafia. The informed minority will be referred to under any of the following names: "werewolf," "sleeper agent," "wolf,"or "machine why is this so unnecessarily confusing"






Spoiler: Rules: Game B



As with the previous rules sections, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game B's thread specifically.

The capacity of players in this thread is at a minimum the summation of the number of players in Games A & C.
Atypical of traditional mafia games, the discussion phase will be referred to as "Night" while the action phase will be referred to as "Day." Cycles will last 48 hours each. (Day will be 48 hours, Night will be 48 hours)
This game will start on "Day 1," meaning it will start on an action phase.
No roles will be handed out for this game until the end of Day 1's cycle. Roles will be assigned as follows:
During Day 1, you will choose a player in the game, and a flavor for them. A role will be assigned based upon that flavor.
Flavors should be something you would borrow or rent from a library or archive. This could include any of the following types of items:
Books
Movies
Music
Journalism
Photography
Or others...

You may not choose yourself as the player to receive the flavor.
You may not coordinate to ensure that everyone receives a flavor. Some books are not yet written...
If a player receives multiple flavors, they may experience any of the following:
Be given the option to select one.
Automatically redirect the flavor onto someone else.
Receive all flavors as their flavor.








Spoiler: Rules: Game C



As with the previous rules sections, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game C's thread specifically.

The capacity of players for this thread is at a minimum, one more than those in Game A. It works best, however, with 11 or more players.
If you are lynched in this game, you are considered to have lost. Winners get to eat cake, and the dead do not eat...or do they?
The game follows a traditional layout of Day Discussion and Night Actions. Cycles will last approximately 48 hours each (Night=48hrs, Day=48hrs), but will be updated at the start of each cycle to clarify as needed.
The rules for this game are subject to update. At the start of each day or night, any updates will be shared in that start post.






Spoiler: Links to Games A, B, & C



Game A
Game B
Game C





Spoiler: Important Mod Posts



PreGame: Flavor Announcements
Day 1 Start
Day 1 End
Night 1 Start
Day 2 Start



Game C:


Spoiler: Living Players



@Gikkle
@10000 Jelly Doughnuts
@Azmimel
@Grones
@Skrimiche
@Red_Pandas
@DAREALMoneyMan
@Mitochondria
@TheHorla
@HunterC98
@CjBeats
@Vizier





Spoiler: Dead Players



@MrEevee7 (Night 1)





Spoiler: Backups



@Venusaur
@Illwei





Spoiler: Spectators



Thaum is the only person allowed to spectate.





Spoiler: Previous Games



Game I
Game II - Minecraft Edition
Game III - Minecraft Mobs
Game IV - Blitz Mafia
Game V - Food Mafia
Game VI - Music Mafia
Game VII - Super Smash Bros
Game VIII - Pokemon
Game IX - Terraria Edition
Game X - Mega Walls
Game XI - Video Game Music Mafia
Game XII - Yu-Gi-Oh
Game XIII - Time Travel Mafia
Game XIV - Night of the Living Goo’s
Game XV - The Library
Game XVI - Kits and Classes U-Pick
Game XVII - Star Wars
Game XVIII - Greater Idea Mafia
Game XIX - Comic Book Edition
Game XX - Chaos Rising
Game XXI - Final Fantasy: ExDeath’s Summon
Game XXII - Hypixel Mafia Players Mafia
Game XXIII - Night of the Living Goos: Part 2
Game XXIV - Pokemon Edition
Game XXVI - Murder in the Northlands
Game XXVII - Video Games
Game XXVIII - Desolate
Game XXIX - Amusement Park Mafia
Game XXX - Restaurant Mafia
Game XXXI - Night of the Living Goo’s Part 3
Game XXXII - Mark’s Hydra Hell
Game XXXIII - Alliance Mafia
Game XXXIV - Ancient Rome Mafia
Game XXXV - Space Mafia
Game XXXVI - Summer Vacation
Game XXXVII - Dawn of War (DnD)
Game XXV - Hypixel Mafia Players Mafia 2
Game XXXVIII - Applying to College
Mini-Mafia 3: Logical Fallacies Edition
Game XXXIX - Evolution Mafia
Game XL - Don’t Starve Mafia
Game XLI - Historical Figures U-Pick
Game XLII - The Suffering Game
Game XLIII - Minecraft Mafia
Mini-mafia 4: King Edition
Mini-mafia 5: Chess Edition
Mini-mafia 6: Meme Mafia 1
Game XLIV - Finale
Game XLV - Year Long Mafia
Mini-mafia 7: Ryast’s Mini
Mini-mafia 8: Jojo’s Bizarre Mafia
Mini-mafia 9: Persona 5
Mini-mafia 10: Kirby’s Mafia Adventure
Mini-mafia 11: Meme Mafia 2
Mini-mafia 12: Playing Cards
Mini-mafia 13: Profound Mafia
Game XLVI - DEFCON Mafia
Game XLVII - A Forgotten Temple
Game XLVIII - Halloween in January
Game XLIX - Mafia Hotel
Game L - A Test of Faith
Game LI - Evolution Mafia 2
Mini-mafia 14: Operating Room
Mini-mafia 15: Diffusion of Power
Mini-mafia 16: Simulation Mafia
Game LII: Conspiracy Mafia
Game LIII: The Legend of Zelda Mafia


TheHorla,2,What's Carpe Jugulum?Rorschach,3,Seize the throat.Azmine,4,HypeGrones,5,Game CDAREALMoneyMan,6,Why is Ryast in both games A and C Grones,7,Shouldn't this be Game C? Also, why is Ryast in both games A and C?Rorschach,8,Cause I'm not very good at hitting backspace a ton of times after copy/paste decides to put an extra space between every line.Rorschach,9,Rectified.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,10,Let's go!Rorschach,11,HOKIES!!!

BA DA DA DA DA DA DAAAAAAAAAAAAAA DUMMMMMMMHunterC98,12,Welp, the games are fixing to begin eh?TheHorla,13,Quick test here:

[vote]mark[/vote]DAREALMoneyMan,14,Quick, hammer mark pregame

[vote]mark[/vote]TheHorla,15,[vote]ryast89[/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,16,Pregame RVS?Skrimiche,17,eRorschach,18,




Esther surveys the room from her high backed chair, her gaunt frame unnerving. The room is littered with damp sacks, some of you climbing out of them. Some of you have been here for a while, chatting idly over tea. In the center of the room is a large cage, covered in a cloth, something rattling at it from the inside. 

"Welcome...to the game. Everyone. You have been briefed on the rules, and if not...well. They are publicly available to you." Esther says, pulling out a pen and holding it, pointing to a bulletin on the wall with the rules. "When you choose who to lynch for today, Chef says he's on vacation. So unfortunately we'll just have to drop them in there." She says, smiling thinly, pointing to the cage in the center of the room, where something growls from the inside. "Well...I shan't keep you...You must have so much to discuss..."

Day 1 starts Now. It ends at 7:45 pm, EST on August 3rd. Twilight will last until 9pm of the same day.Grones,19,Yarrr me hearties! Aweigh anchor and set sail for hammertown!Skrimiche,20,what is up gamersGikkle,21,10000 Jelly Doughnuts,22,[Vote]Skrim[/Vote]
!Gikkle,23,[VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE]Rorschach,24,@Gikkle
@10000 Jelly Doughnuts
@Azmimel
@Grones
@Skrimiche
@Red_PandasGikkle,25,Great minds think alike!Rorschach,26,@Red_Pandas
@DAREALMoneyMan
@Mitochondria
@TheHorla
@MrEevee7Rorschach,27,@HunterC98
@CjBeats
@VizierGrones,28,[vote] Skrim [/vote] make the wench walk the plank!Gikkle,29,Bandwagon moment
susVizier,30,[Vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts[/Vote]Grones,31,yar har har, ye landlubbers got no mind for naval strategy like ye ol' capt'nVizier,32,CAPTAIN!Skrimiche,33,im feeling like absolute buttcheeks so im not actually gonna play the game /sGrones,34,AYE ME HEARTYSkrimiche,35,not sure why a townie would post this even in RVS. seems like something only scum would do for townpointsVizier,36,LOOK!Grones,37,NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NOGikkle,38,Ah... I am so hungry... But food is so far away....Skrimiche,39,ehh, the game's barely started, doesnt really seem alignment-indicative to me. just a heehoo funnee attemptSkrimiche,40,just because it's RVS doesnt mean scum cant slip. i see zero reason for a town!skrim to have posted thatSkrimiche,41,like i said, it was probably just them trying to crack a joke.

+ other people have done similar things in the thread. why havent you been going after them?TheHorla,42,hey guys remember 3 votes is actually nearly halfway to hammer lolGrones,43,Alas me hearties, the lass "Skrimiche" is but a scurvy landlubber stranded at sea, lost her mind.Skrimiche,44,where? i havent seen anyone else try to deflect suspicion off of themselves with a flimsy AtE excuse. if im wrong then go quote themMrEevee7,45,[vote] mito [/vote]Gikkle,46,look at this person, talking to themselves. Insanity!

Though, I myself don't actually have any idea whats going on. Where am I?Skrimiche,47,this is just a waste of time. i shouldnt have to hunt them down for you

[VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE] stop being hypocritical with your readsGikkle,48,[VOTE]MrEevee7[/VOTE]Skrimiche,49,annnnd there's the chainsaw defense! found another scum. [VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE]MrEevee7,50,Omgus
[Vote] gikkle [/vote]TheHorla,51,Skrim you're making me giggle lolSkrimiche,52,but you voted mito?Grones,53,ye be at sea, but that be already beknownst to ye, ye conspirator. Ye and that lass Skrimiche be pirates flying the jolly rodger on open seas!

[Vote] Gikkle [/vote]Skrimiche,54,oh wait i see
disregard silly ol meMrEevee7,55,[vote] grones [/vote]TheHorla,56,What the **** is that pfpMrEevee7,57,Are you townHunterC98,58,crunchitize me capn.

Wait, hows the quote thingie work if the click quote doesnt quote?Vizier,59,Groan

Skrim is confusing me.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,60,THEY COME TO THIS PLACE WHEN THEY KNOW THEY AREN'T PURE!TheHorla,61,
Who are you guys?Rorschach,62,Hunter
ArraTheHorla,63,I repeat the question.HunterC98,64,wazuuuuuuupRorschach,65,From Chucklefish. They're in the discord.Grones,66,Ye click th'reply button, ye freshwater politicianVizier,67,Poyo!TheHorla,68,aaaahhhhhHunterC98,69,oooooooooh...well what does the quote thingie do?Skrimiche,70,no

sorry ;-;TheHorla,71,:Waves:HunterC98,72,skrim is an adorable bat, i see no problems.Grones,73,All yer quotes be stowed away below decks, ye press "insert quotes" to rouse those lazy landlubbers and bring em to yer postMitochondria,74,more like
amiright fellas???Vizier,75,Amgry Poyo.HunterC98,76,ahh, gotcha, thank you!Grones,77,[vote] mito [/vote] this mitochondria science wizardry be black magic, a terrible omen from the heavens, take him to the plank!Azmimel,78,Hi friendsMitochondria,79,oh captain my captain, if you wish for me to die, then die I shall

[vote] Mito [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,80,I would be very suspicious about the votes nearly getting a hammer this time, but I remember this game runs smaller than what we’re used to.HunterC98,81,yeah....i'll call that pun a lynchable offense...
[Vote] mito [vote]Azmimel,82,Quick hammer mito?Mitochondria,83,do it you won't10000 Jelly Doughnuts,84,For future reference, you got to have the slash at the start of the second vote.

just in case that helpsAzmimel,85,No, cause I appreciate that game C gets to say mito is hereHunterC98,86,Ahh....whoops.
[Vote] mito [/vote]

Edit: just to say i properly voted.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,87,Fair enough, but do you have any reasoning why you did that in the first place beyond random voting?HunterC98,88,nothing beyond a sinful punAzmimel,89,Scum team

Eevee
Mito
Panda
SkrimGrones,90,Throwing jests to the wolves, methinks Gikkle and Skrim be conspirators, plotting vile mutiny!

This be a landlubber's shot at pretending not to know the wench, typical freshwater lies. Gikkle may be a scurvy bastard, but he's the eye of the crow's nest for wizardry, no use pretendin to be a fool. Away with them! 

[vote] Gikkle [/vote]Grones,91,Skrim be a vile, lying lass, a stowaway here for vile mutiny!Gikkle,92,I have literally no idea what you're saying.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,93,Scum team:

Grones
Mark
Panda
YouAzmimel,94,Yeah id be okay with that10000 Jelly Doughnuts,95,That would be a stacked team.Grones,96,More lies! Yar har har! Ye be foolin us to think yer heads filled with saltwater!Azmimel,97,Exactly, I wouldn't mind. Except Mark would get lynched too earlyGikkle,98,I admit it, it was a lie. I don't have "no" idea, since I did have SOME idea. I apologize for this horrible offense, second mate. But your pirate speech is confusing, so I don't quite understand what you're trying to say...Azmimel,99,Lynch all liars!

[Vote] gikkle [/vote]Rorschach,100,Before someone asks again.

The town/village win condition is to:
1. Survive
2. Remove all threats to town.Vizier,101,Aye, this is a mutiny capn. Hand over all the bananas and gunpowder.

[Vote] Grones [/vote]HunterC98,102,i vote we test the captain for scurvy.DAREALMoneyMan,103,There is an impostor among us, and he is ourselves

[vote]chucklenuts[/vote]TheHorla,104,Oh, since we're all talking funny:

Heyday ho

pleasen no lynch mesa. Grones isa mafia, mesa thinkHunterC98,105,i wont lie...i was very tempted to change my vote over for the jarjar talk10000 Jelly Doughnuts,106,[Vote]Mark[/Vote]
Jar Jar speaking should be a policy lynch.Red_Pandas,107,


Azmimel,108,I personally am a fan or itVizier,109,Die, they must. 

[Vote]Mark[/Vote]Mitochondria,110,Why?Azmimel,111,I dont think he's randomly accused someone based on gut yet, that's a big tellGrones,112,YE WRETCHED BABOON! I'LL HAVE YE AS SHARK FEED ERE THE WIND CHANGES! 
[vote] Vizier [/vote]Grones,113,I be a lying, murdering, pillaging captain, but no mafia ever lay in me bunk with me. Me hands be clean.Mitochondria,114,Eh, maybe, but I think Pi's been fine so far. The only Pi-adjacent post that I haven't liked thus far is this one from Gikkle:

And I really can't explain why. Something about the post's tone (too serious? too dismissive? idk) just rubbed me the wrong way when I was skimming through.Grones,115,Gut? Gut?! I'll gut ye like a fish, ye scallywag.HunterC98,116,fair thinking, but is that a tell?Mitochondria,117,The Gikkle post? Obviously it's too early to really tell but I think it could be, weirdly defensive or dismissive responses to anything that could be perceived as an attack definitely isn't uncommon scum behavior.Red_Pandas,118,ikr I am so goodRed_Pandas,119,I think pi's pirate talk is funny and therefore Pi is hard town
I will not listen to any opposing argumentGrones,120,That post by that wretched mutineer Gikkle mayhaps be the fruit of his heavens-imposed speech impediment. He be playing the part of a confused, sun-dazed landlubber, away at sea, and far from his lass, for far too long. Aye, I remember when I was but a wee lad aboard the HMS Bictory, just a wee deck swabber I was, a cabin boy. Sick to the guts!Red_Pandas,121,gikkle instant scum for no pirate speakGrones,122,Me first mate rises!Red_Pandas,123,anyways, [VOTE] Rorschach [/VOTE]
I really can't shake off the feeling that they've somehow orchestrated this all
what exactly they may be planning is beyond me, but I know they're up too somethingMitochondria,124,nah, he wasn't doing the confused act for his first three posts of the gameHunterC98,125,how many times were you told to scrub the poopdeck?Red_Pandas,126,Aye, captain!Rorschach,127,Quite a few times unfortunately. On his first day he took the name a little too literally...Mitochondria,128,this is a dumb speculation read, but i think there will be scum among the people with post modifiers (and if one flips scum, the other(s) are prob town)Red_Pandas,129,TMI??
No post modifiers are in sight I think this is tmi!!Mitochondria,130,based, you got meHunterC98,131,post modifiers?Mitochondria,132,pi's pirate posting, skrim's schizophrenia posting, maybe gikkle's confused postingMitochondria,133,Post modifiers are basically just any parts of a person's role that require them to format all their posts in a certain way.HunterC98,134,ahhhh, gotcha...Gikkle,135,I think I'm more hungry than confused, to be quite honest.Grones,136,Mayhaps she be a truly disturbed lass, afflicted by rot of the brain, not a "post-modifier"Grones,137,Me life at sea as a young cabin boy was torturous! But now I be the most feared pirate and used car salesman in the seven seas!Mitochondria,138,You didn't seem very hungry in these posts


Is there any way anyone can give you food to help you out?TheHorla,139,Nosa reason, me just needed sometten to sayen in disa amusen translatorGikkle,140,I don't have a post modifier, I think. I'm actually not really sure yet. We'll have to wait and see.Mitochondria,141,okay fair

i'm so sorryGrones,142,Mito smells afoul to me, alike a gutted fish left out to rot in the Sun. Only good to throw overboard! Mito ne'er defends a soul 'cept when he be a foul mutineer! He be seekin to put the cap'n in his trouser pockets! Hardy yar yar!TheHorla,143,It's okeedayMitochondria,144,hey i can be selfless HunterC98,145,oh? Do you have early automobiles? im a big fan of the older models...Gikkle,146,Well... There is ONE way... But you might not like it... You see, it involves human flesh...Grones,147,[unvote] [/unvote] 
Yar Marky! Is this be the way to unvote, to appease the god of the seas, "vote count bot"?Grones,148,Aye we carry anything a landlubber would desire in their dark, nasty, landlubber heartMitochondria,149,How much human flesh?Grones,150,The only powerhouse on this ship will be used combustion engines! Yar har!TheHorla,151,YesaHunterC98,152,oh good..ill have to come and do some perusing for anything of interest...Grones,153,Methinks Hunter be loyal to the cap'n. He be returnin to the high seas after years of being away, surely he be wary and lurking beneath the depths, if he were a mutineer! Timid, scouting the waters! But he be in the fray, fighting with his cutlass like the best of us!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,154,I didn’t even consider Pi’s posting to be a restriction, I just thought he was like that this game.

I may be stupid, lol.

But anyway, I don’t think restrictions are AI at all, I can’t see mito’s argument tbh.Gikkle,155,Well... The exact amount remains to be seen.Gikkle,156,I thought we were just doing this for fun, to be honest.TheHorla,157,Me'm finden disa so fun dat me think me'm goen to keep it tup.Grones,158,It be no restriction! I be struck down by the heavens with this curse, but I will become more power than you could possibly imagine!






Yar har, I drifted to the wrong franchise, for a moment there lads. The sun and years at sea be taking a toll on this cap'n's mind.Grones,159,Away with ye, ShylockVizier,160,What if I need a new ship?Grones,161,Take yerself to the shipyards then, ye scurvy dog! This cap'n sells only used cars!HunterC98,162,i be a little rusty with my sword, more akin to my pistols and muskets..10000 Jelly Doughnuts,163,Did my car’s warranty expire yet?Grones,164,O not yet, no lass! But ye must be here for yer car's extended warranty! For a mere 9000 gold pieces, yer vehicle be warranted and safe to ride the streets of Port Royal for years (two years) to come! Ah! To the plank with years! Fork over yer firstborn and yer car be warranted for a decade!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,165,Sorry, my firstborn has a contractual obligation already.HunterC98,166,ooooh, is that the new payment method?Grones,167,Damn that thieving Rumplestiltskin! That scurvy dog! Freshwater kleptomaniac! Stealing me customers!Red_Pandas,168,technically my role pm never said what alignment I am so I may be scumSkrimiche,169,explain owoSkrimiche,170,sussy
[VOTE]Red_Pandas[/VOTE]Grones,171,
Scarrrrred arrrre ya?MrEevee7,172,Sadly no
I dont think any one of those is actually a post modifier tbh except maybe pi
When u claim neutral:
[vote] panda [/vote]MrEevee7,173,If you can prove you arent neutral evil you can stay alive for nowCjBeats,174,IM ALIVE.
IM KICKIN. 
I AM HERE.

I get to play with Mito uwu, how exciting. And my boy arra, who I shall defend with my life.


mfw10000 Jelly Doughnuts,175,That’s concerning10000 Jelly Doughnuts,176,Sadge, CJ forgets about me and Pi.CjBeats,177,Fear not my good jelly, I have not forgotten thee. I simply never play with the boy arra so it brings me much joy and excitement. OHO AND THE HUNT IS HERE TOO WHAT A GLORIOUS DAY. THIS GAME SHALL BE A SPLENDID GAME OF CAMARADERIE AND BETRAYAL.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,178,You mean trolling at an advanced level?CjBeats,179,I do not understand what you mean by that my good Jelly.Vizier,180,
Mh. No like.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,181,Oh. You will 

Gut, based on nothing, read: Gikkle town.Red_Pandas,182,yeah
well im obviously not neutral, because im mafia.
yeah maybeSkrimiche,183,i thought you said you didn't know your alignmentRed_Pandas,184,yeah but I got the mafia chat so im good nowSkrimiche,185,oh okay sweetSkrimiche,186,hey now wait just a diddily darn second here

did it not say your alignment in the title of your pm??Red_Pandas,187,I mean who knows, I COULD be a secret hidden neutral in the mafia chatRed_Pandas,188,why
why would it
be in the title?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,189,Pandas obvious jester?Vizier,190,Jesters win if they die by vote...Right?Red_Pandas,191,tbh I kind of think this is some sort of scum slip 
I dont know exactly how that would work but im sure thats not how the pms workRed_Pandas,192,I agree10000 Jelly Doughnuts,193,Yes. And Machine's a fan of the original jester that kills everyone else when they die.Red_Pandas,194,that sounds really exciting tbh I think you guys should vote me10000 Jelly Doughnuts,195,Nah, we'll NK you instead 

Someone's a vig, right?Skrimiche,196,@10000 Jelly Doughnuts is your alignment in the title of your pm/file?

sure it is!Azmimel,197,I don’t think we should lynch pandas today, but we should just shoot him. 10000 Jelly Doughnuts,198,It's just labeled 'Game C' and has the role contained within. 

Although I notice a lot of spelling and grammar errors within the file, so I think machine was in a rush or something. Dunno. What's it like for everyone else?Skrimiche,199,inb4 he made them all different so people couldn't cheese the gameSkrimiche,200,oh i see
i meant the name of your role pm file, not the hypixel pmAzmimel,201,are you that nervous about a joke post? don’t like that :3
That’s a good point.

Skrim/Gikkle/Mark/Pi

do any of you actually have a post modifier or are you just joking?Azmimel,202,we all made the pms so that would be NAI anyway

also don’t feel like we should be doing this to solve the game : (Red_Pandas,203,I haven't checked my file
ohh that makes much more senseMrEevee7,204,You know town isnt called mafia this game right?
Didnt machine say there are no jesters?Azmimel,205,maybe his post modifier is that he has to lie all the time? can’t see how this would be a good jester play. It’s way too obvious; I think something else has to be going on here.MrEevee7,206,You requested machine for a normal role pm tho so you dont have a file10000 Jelly Doughnuts,207,Lmao probably.
TBH, that's a pretty scummy thing to say. I've not seen town non-ironically say that.
Machine said that *anything* could be on the rolelist afaik. I could have misread the rules, but I think he said earlier that anything goes.Skrimiche,208,why would i be nervous because of you  

re: post modifier - joke

what do you suggest instead then
cause i dont have anything elseGrones,209,Aye me heartie! I be a cap'n and a used car salesman! Yarrrr!Skrimiche,210,why are we assuming people have post modifiers and using that to determine alignments/roles .-.Grones,211,Yarrr ye be a rude wench, ye be speakin to Mel10000 Jelly Doughnuts,212,Even if Pi has a post restriction, he's having too much fun and I love it. Lock town for wholesomeness.Azmimel,213,Idk, you’re the one who asked me to explain reads made during RVS. Why ask me to explain these reads and not the other one I made after it?? 
there were enough people acting like they had post modifiers that I thought it was a possibility.

remember pi’s worldeater role?Azmimel,214,heyyy do you have a post modifier or nah?Grones,215,It be a fool's errand to affix our spyglasses on th'heavens-cursed speeches. It be the gods playing a jest on ourrrrrr lives! Next scurvy rat to say a worrrrrd gets to be a man overrboarrrd!HunterC98,216,am i a joke to you?HunterC98,217,Redeemed. All is forgiven.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,218,Everytime I read your signature, I want a burger. Dang you.Grones,219,Avast me hearties! The signature be needin an update!Azmimel,220,do you like our pfp?? i picked it out please compliment me Azmimel,221,can’t dislike posts yet : (Skrimiche,222,for anyone else who was wondering if this was actually true or not:
///////
ily mel but my point still stands xoxo

duh, because i only care about things regarding me. uwu

i think the odds of another post modified worldeater are too low to give significant thought to atmAzmimel,223,love u too 
You ask why I thought post modifiers could be indicative of alignment/role and that was my first thought. my point is that if they are real we shouldn’t brush them to the side.Grones,224,th'signaturrrre be amended forrrr th'high seas!Skrimiche,225,ehh
i still dont think theyre important (or at least not something to be focusing on for today). only one person (grones) could be argued to have one. what does that tell you?Grones,226,It be tellin ye I be th'cap'n and ye best be harkening to 'im lest ye wish t'be a wench strrrranded on BarbadosCjBeats,227,uWu panda-kun open wolfing, what a glorious day! This game will be as easy as taking a baby away from their candy!

[vote]Panda[/vote]Scythe,228,ayieh10000 Jelly Doughnuts,229,Oh?
Yes, I do! I really could go for some pasta right now, not going to lie
CJ using uWu unirionically is scaryMrEevee7,230,pandas is definitely scum, but if they are a jester we should probably be careful about lynching them. 
[unvote] [/unvote]MrEevee7,231,it gets worse when you realize
a. they dont have a file
b. they said they already read their role and it didnt say their alignment.Skrimiche,232,coward! [vote]red_pandas[/vote]Grones,233,I be thinkin this speech talk be a waste of ourrrrr voyageGrones,234,Ye ruffians be speakin of a jester
10000 Jelly Doughnuts,235,
^
Specific beats general, and if someone had something in their PM saying they differed from the rules, that takes the reigns.CjBeats,236,Doth thou fellows really think the machine would throw a jester in this here game? Nay, panda-kun is quite simply a wolf who scumsclipped. Tis the only logical explanation for his actions, say I.Gikkle,237,I claim jesterGrones,238,Gikkle be a fine tarrrrget t'send overrrrboarrrd methinks10000 Jelly Doughnuts,239,why the hell are you doing weeb shakespeare speak?Grones,240,This be the second Shakespeare rrrrreference on this ship! A coincidence?Azmimel,241,It was the first thing I noticed when I read up this morning, so that's why I asked a question about it. Red pandas being jester feels a little too easy for me. Why was he being so obviously scummy?? That's why I suggested an alternate theory: a post modifier. But it's just that, a theory.


I don't know what it tells us because I don't know that much yet. I was just curious as to why some people were acting like they had one. Could be important in the future though.Azmimel,242,pandas rating one of my posts funny feels like a punch to the gut tbhGikkle,243,the alignment is in the title right
tbh I missed that completely and just thought "village #" was something to just describe me, not my alignment. My actual role pm doesn't have my alignment so I didn't know I was town until I asked for my win con an hour later lol.

So maybe pandas is telling the truth and since there is no title machine can change in the pms sent by panda he just had a role pm with no alignmentRed_Pandas,244,I may be dumb, but I'm not stupid
no I really haven't, machine told me my role in the pm
I think machine had given me a file already when I asked for a normal pm
yeah that's true
ew CJ saying uwu instant scum [VOTE] Cjbeats [/VOTE]
scum jest?
how does not having a file make it worse
and I got my alignment now im pretty sure it was just an error that I foundRed_Pandas,245,I reaaaaaally want to do funny talk somehow but I cant think of anythingHunterC98,246,hmmm....i say we give the man what he wants, what do you all say?
[vote] Gikkle [/vote]Red_Pandas,247,I find it really funny that I've managed to get myself almost consensus scum read by doing random RVS jokes

no, I am not going to stop.Azmimel,248,are you seriously going to write this off as RVS? fmlGikkle,249,consensus? By like 4 people?Gikkle,250,It's still RVS in my heartAzmimel,251,;-; I'm so confused right nowCjBeats,252,Who knows why any of us do anything in this accursed world?

let us look at thee panda-kun. An experienced member of this here mafia party. Are we to truly believe the man is a dumbfounded idiot? He is not! Panda-kun is an intellectual who scumslipped as his pms are different than our own! Tis the only logical explanation for senpai’s actions!Red_Pandas,253,yes, I will
tbh though the jokes did kinda suck
yeah pretty muchCjBeats,254,Let me enlighten thee. RVS means random voting sycle. You are welcome!Gikkle,255,Town members can't win after dying
Thus town and mafia will be equally scared of getting lynched
Anyone who acts like they are okay with being lynched is a liarCjBeats,256,Hunter me pal! What is thine experience with the game of mafia as we play now?Red_Pandas,257,Im pretty sure mine is the same as everyone else's but coolCjBeats,258,Did ye not ask the machine senpai for a role pm different then our own?


and yet, you my dear Gik claimed jester! Hmmmm suspicious!Red_Pandas,259,yeah I dont actually have a file
just checked
I had one for game A but then I moved to game C
so my alignment technically wasn't anywhere in my PM before machine added itAzmimel,260,I get what you're saying, but I also don't understand why he wouldn't have just questioned machine privately until he understood his role. Why does he benefit from announcing that he has no alignment in his role pm?? What does that do for him?? 


if it was a joke it was a terrible one. 


Oh, CJ, you are a saucy boy!Red_Pandas,261,yeah kind of?
it was just asking for my role in the pm instead of in the file
technicallyyyyy it wasn't a joke 
but I did announce it ironicallyCjBeats,262,Perhaps the machine senpai made an Oopsie woodsie? Could it be!? Is our senpai incompetent??CjBeats,263,There was once a saying back in the day of mine from whence I was born! Comedy is subjective! Terrible jokes are still jokes my dearest Azimel!Grones,264,This be a revealing day, we thrrrow Gikkle orr Skrrrim overboard! Hunterrr, Panda, and Cj arrrrre loyal to the cap'n, forrrr cerrtain!Red_Pandas,265,im afraid soCjBeats,266,And did the machine senpai give you your request in the different role pm?Grones,267,[vote] gikkle [/vote]CjBeats,268,Alas, perhaps we should lynch him instead! Oh what a great sacrifice we must make for our panda-Kun!!Grones,269,Cj ye best stop discussin rrrrrole PMs lest ye appearrr as a conspirator mutineerrrr t'me, thrrrowin the discussion overrrboardCjBeats,270,Enlighten me my dearest cap’n-kun, what is the problem with mistress Skrimiche on this day?Grones,271,[vote]cj[/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,272,I. I.

I'm intimidated. I won't lie.CjBeats,273,My curiosity shan’t be quenched, not even by my dearest cap’n-kun.Grones,274,She be talkin amiss, and I be seeing a vile connection betwixt herrr and th'GikkleRed_Pandas,275,can confirm
yeah I think machine Lynch would be a good idea
yesCjBeats,276,Oh to switch so fast in the heart of thee! What a glorious mind you possess!Azmimel,277,
hmmmm ok10000 Jelly Doughnuts,278,




Pi's reversal of his opinions is well within his normal town meta, I think. Therefore, I will say that Pi is a high TR of mine, and would rather not want him lynched.CjBeats,279,Then chalk it up to nothing more than a miscommunication! Non-alignment indicative say I!

[unvote][/unvote]
It is settled!


my dearest jelly! I am playing most seriously in my heart!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,280,This is 1000000000% cursed.Azmimel,281,I don't like how quickly you accepted that. Where did your certainty go?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,282,


HunterC98,283,uhhh....lets see..last time i played was...what? 5'ish years ago?HunterC98,284,appreciate the vote of confidence cap!Grones,285,Jelly be using jests t'avoid exposing herrrrself as a vile mutineer?Azmimel,286,this feels like the complete opposite of how she was last game, so I'm kinda ok with it,Grones,287,Arghhhhh10000 Jelly Doughnuts,288,Nah, I just wanted to make memes. That's all. I would say that I'd stop doing them, but that would be a lie, because they're funny. 

[Vote]Cj/Vote]

Something pings me about him, he feels wishywashy.

ANd yea, pi's that way too, but he's usually that way as town.Grones,289,Panda be town, no throwin o'erboard, cap'n's orderrs10000 Jelly Doughnuts,290,I disagree with him being town, but agree with not lynching. Hopefully we have a TK that can handle the jester.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,291,because I don't see scum pandas or town pandas being this way tbh.HunterC98,292,i feel too scrambled to make a fair assumption here.

cap'n seems busy being the spitting image of a proper town seafarer.

gikkle seems to be pure chaos.

cj seems awful authoritative, though that could be chalked up with trying to make up for missing some talk time.

jelly seems to be alright so far, a pinch quiet but i dunno how she plays to make a concern of that.

azmimel is either staying very quiet and stoking flames or just unavailable most often.Azmimel,293,Maybe if you explain the connection between Gikkle and Skrim I'd explain my read :3


He's either village idiot or neutral imoGrones,294,Let's brrring out the rum and play a game below decks! All ye scalleywag excuses for sailors, bellow out the scummiest, most treacherous words ye can


The cap'n'll begin

I be so disappointed I be a loyal one this voyage, I be hopin t'be a treacherous mutineer, but the gods declarrre me loyal to me post, th'CAP'NRed_Pandas,295,I feel like I probably would be dumb enough to make these jokes as bothAzmimel,296,the only reason why I could imagine anyone saying this is because they want to be lynched.Azmimel,297,trying to chat with my hydra partner :3MrEevee7,298,hes still lying about not checking the file, as he claims he doesnt have a file later on
so you knew your alignment, so why did you say you didnt?
scum != mafia, it just is evil roles. so jester would be scum as it makes town lose in the case that it is lynched
because you said you didnt read your file, but if you dont have it thats just an obvious lie that you didnt read it.HunterC98,299,aaah...yes that is a thing, my bad.Red_Pandas,300,eh
that doesn't mean I'm lying though, if I dont have a file then I didnt read it?
so it's still true
my alignment was never in the PM before I made the joke about it
after that machine added it
technically I didn't
I dont think jester is even in the game since everyones win-con is to stay alive and defeat the other faction iirc
but that means it's true??
also I did think I had a file
my memory is bad and its not something I thought was importantCjBeats,301,Twas explained away by the panda-kun! My certainty was replaced by uncertainty before being uprisen by a new kind of certainty!
Then ye are but a bab who I shall protect henceforth!


Is coming to an understanding wishy washy my dearest jelly? It is not!MrEevee7,302,no one says "i didnt read my book!!!" if they dont have a book. you were clearly trying to make an excuse for "not knowing your alignment"
ah yes, what a great reason to be town. "my memory is bad"

guys i claim scum!!!!
wait no my memory is bad im actually town!!!Grones,303,9 times out o'10, when ye landlubbers be assured and confident ye caught a scumslip rrrrelatin' t'role PMs, ye be sorrrely mistaken. This be a useless arrrrrgument made by lazy landlubberrrsRed_Pandas,304,as said previously, at the time I thought I had a file 
I never tried to make it an argument that I was was town but sure
I was literally just stating that I had mis-remembered it
also me claiming that I was mafia is the most obvious joke in history10000 Jelly Doughnuts,305,Rum? Rum?

Honestly: scum doesn't usually tend to say that they wished they rolled scum. It's a town move in my experience. Or at least I think so. Pi just keeps on being more townie somehow.
No one read the rules closely enough and it shows.
This is 100% cursed why am I in this game, I should suffer in the nexus instead why why why why whyRed_Pandas,306,im dumb be patient with meSkrimiche,307,pg 13 atm
[vote]CjBeats[/vote]HunterC98,308,okay, lemme be the first to come to the question, do we lynch off of all the nonsense in an attempt to knock out a bad guy or let time pass and use abilities to try and find stuff out?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,309,In most games, town tries to lynch everyday due to the information gained from the flip and the potential mafia member dead.

Here it may be less advisable because a lynch on someone is an automatic 'you lose' thing, so I feel like people are more hesitant this time.DAREALMoneyMan,310,I do not like that you are attempting to brush off his actions via of setup speculationGikkle,311,[VOTE]No-Lynch[/VOTE]
When's the last time we had a d1 no lynch? :3HunterC98,312,soooo keep yapping till someone slips?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,313,Based!
[Vote]No-Lynch[/Vote]
Yep, you got it. Eventually someone will vote dumb, pressures build and then scum slipping happens!CjBeats,314,Oh Gikkle-Chan, you wild man! Perhaps once I would’ve joined you on your quest to lynch not a soul, but alas, I have come to realize the benefit of lynching a person day 1. To not do so would be an inservice to the game!HunterC98,315,aye aye cap-errr...jelly.Vizier,316,You seem...Rather. 

Dead-set on lynching.CjBeats,317,And you aren’t my dearest Arra?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,318,I'm waiting for the time CJ says 'you saucy boy' unironically. 

I think I woke up in the twilight zoneSkrimiche,319,what if they just dont care about losing :3

im down
[vote]Skrimiche[/vote]

gikkle is quaking in his bootsVizier,320,Not particularly. I really wouldn't want more company.Grones,321,Arrrgh! Based! 
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Grones,322,Land ho!Grones,323,Argh! I meant @CjBeats10000 Jelly Doughnuts,324,CJ is a farming instrument?Grones,325,He'll be farmin votes 'ere the tide changes10000 Jelly Doughnuts,326,Also: weird thought: what if dead players were still in the game somehow.

Seems very weird that Machine would just ban dead chat and giving the rolelist.

Maybe there could be revivers. Idk, just seems odd to me.HunterC98,327,That could be interesting, but then the question is, what extent of knowledge would they come back with?Grones,328,The dead souls be sent away from Davy Jones locker because all 3 worlds be connected, methinks.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,329,The same bit of when they were dead, I think.
most assuredly there’s a connection.HunterC98,330,Which makes sense of the snippet of not revealing roles.HunterC98,331,guess playing it safe would be the smart thing to do..
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Grones,332,If ye were bettin yer life on it, which of these ruffians would ye wager is a mutineer?HunterC98,333,if i was to wager my doubloons against a soul, i would say one of the quieter ones...likely mito. just don't have enough to go off of to make a safe assumption.Grones,334,Aye! Mito be a treacherous cabin boy, but for other reasons.

Speakin of quiet ruffians, lurkin under the sea,
@DAREALMoneyManHunterC98,335,i wanted to ask about him but wasnt sure if i just didnt know his name he used.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,336,Explain?TheHorla,337,I don't 100% understand the pandas situation, but I learned the hard way last game that most of the time, "scumslips" related to PMs and formatting are usually just people getting confused.

Let me see if I read this right:
- pandas got his role in a PM, not a file
- the text of the PMs doesn't contain a wincon
- since you can't edit the title of a PM, machine forgot to tell pandas his alignment
- pandas noticed this, made a joke out of it
- people didn't realize that pandas wouldn't have known his alignment from his file title, since he got his role as a PM
Explaining away behaviour as a post modifier is bad logic and scummy. If we want to argue that player such and such is "obviously scummy" because of a "post modifier", we might as well hang up our towels and go home here.
Eevee is way too confident here for my liking.
Disappointed in gikkle for speaking sense here and not using this prime reaction fish opportunity.Azmimel,338,yea, but I also don't like the fact that he's trying to write it off as an RVS joke. I wouldn't lynch him either way, but I certainly don't think he's towny.
Not attempting to brush his actions off. I'm trying to figure out on earth he would inform us (apparently as a joke) that he had no alignment in his role pm. It was just a theory . I personally don't see scum or town doing that in any situation.Azmimel,339,I think they are, specifically because of this quote from the rules for game C
Grones,340,Mito be a snake charmer, a silverrrr-tongued succubus


Across the 7 seas, I've always known this landlubber to be a rotten soul from the malbolge. He be a seducer, a liar, a flatterer, a two faced duplicitous freshwater politician!

His treacherous mutiny sails on
He be a sower of deceit, he sets our ship along the wrong course, subtly like the Majesty's snake charmer he be.Grones,341,What be the cabin boy's agenda?Skrimiche,342,[VOTE]MrEevee7[/VOTE]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,343,Mmm, I disagree, but there's probably no reason to be setup speculating
Okay other than being a dnd monster, what did Mito do?
Why?HunterC98,344,i shall kick back and watch this show unfold til i have anything interesting or thoughtful to add.Azmimel,345,oh sorry i should've been more specific on which part. I think dead players will still have an impact on the game. I have no clue about revivers.TheHorla,346,Am... I the cabin boy? Or eevee?Azmimel,347,this is the second time you've voted a person pi has put under some sort of pressure with no explanation.Grones,348,Review th'rest o'me post, illiterate wenchTheHorla,349,Where did pi pressure eevee?Grones,350,Eevee, that dogMitochondria,351,I agree with Mark's take on the Panda situation. Don't fully understand what their confusion was and honestly don't care enough about this discussion line to spend the brainpower figuring it out, but odds are more likely they got confused and communicated their confusion poorly rather than them being scum that we caught right away.

I'm also mindmelding with Mark on his Eevee take (shows up, tunnels Panda, then dips; I especially didn't like the post he made asking Panda to "prove he's not neutral evil," it's a weirdly specific thing to ask for), but I'm super uncomfy with Skrim's naked vote on him and the underlying feeling that thread consensus is quickly shifting against Eevee. Quick shifts in thread consensus generally indicate that the target's town.

I'm not sure if I dislike this post because a) I'm annoyed that we're already starting our discussion about how Mito not living in the thread = scum (in which case this post is NAI and I'm just being emotional) or b) it's scummy that I get specifically called out despite the majority of the game having done nothing thus far.

Pi's read on me is bad and he should feel bad, but I like his play so far.

Pi and Mark feel town, sans the post I called out above I've been liking Hunter, Skrim's kinda weirding me out so light scumread, I guess scumread on Eevee too but I don't think Skrim/Eevee is a scum pair.Grones,352,And where be th'first time?TheHorla,353,@Azmimel are either of you ABBA fans? (Based on your signature, just wondering)10000 Jelly Doughnuts,354,ah okay yea.
I did, you threw out spicy insults and then refused to elaborate more lolGrones,355,I'll hang ye from th'highest mast with yer own innardsMitochondria,356,I'll sink ye ship before I hangAzmimel,357,oops I mixed up you and grones. But the point should still stand. She's voted people that others have put under pressure with no explanation. 
Don't know about azmine, but I sure am.Grones,358,He be seekin a pocketed sailor, and he be veering us off course, distracting us like a Siren's cry!TheHorla,359,An hour ago I impulsively scumread him for it, but:
- good chance eevee is confused as well
- scumhunting is good, considering that it'd be easy for scum to sit back and chill right now
- I agree with mito that a shifting consensus that eevee is scum is in general indicative that eevee is town (particularly considering that he's often considered an easy lynch)Grones,360,


HunterC98,361,fair, i may not have said it well, the second half of the message was supposed to be me saying i am not fully capable to make a firm guess because i don't have anything to compare it against.CjBeats,362,You are doing amazing my dearest sweet huntie-Chan.

Let us move forward on our conversation from the mister panda-kun! It shan’t get us anywhere doddling on about it! When does this here fine day end?Grones,363,@CjBeatsHunterC98,364,Day 1 ends tomorrow at....7:45 PM i believe?Mitochondria,365,If Pi or Hunter flips scum, I think it's decently likely the other flips scum as well. They've been pretty buddy-buddy all game (meta is fairly useless, but as a point of comparison from playing scum with Pi before, I remember he's not big on bussing teammates) and I'm still weirded out by Hunter shading me without committing to a Mito scumread stance and then backpedalling a bit when I responded (builds support for Pi's read without him really sticking his neck out there).

@CjBeats-kun uwu, what do you think of things so far?CjBeats,366,Such a long day, oh me oh my! Thank you dearest cap’n-Chan. I shall love you long time.Grones,367,One of these cabin boys will walk the plank, ere the day is done! E'eryone else aboard this ship be safe!Grones,368,Yer a bold oneMitochondria,369,Being controversial is fun Grones,370,LiberrrrralsCjBeats,371,I think things are just downright fascinating in this here game! A glorious tale of whodunnit taking place upon our doorstep!
I know not the reasoning on why people are scumming the Eevee-weevee, so I could use an explanation, but beyond that there confusion I do so believe the cap’n-Chan is a good lad. Huntie-wuntie-kun is newish, so I shall protect him for now. I do so believe that talking about panda-kun as we have done so much is becoming nothing more than a waste of time. That moment has passed. I would like to hear more from my dearest arra! A delightful, beautiful, man!Grones,372,Aye?Mitochondria,373,Very wholesome post but oh so very safe! Gimme something spicy, what's your hottest take about the game right now?CjBeats,374,My dearest jelly is a sneaky, sniveling, conniving devil bent on seeing this dearest world of ours burn to the ground upon which we stand!Mitochondria,375,Now we're cooking, how come?HunterC98,376,i was asked who i thought could be scummy and answered off of what i had...which still aint much...Mitochondria,377,That's fair - and to be clear, I've generally liked your posts thus far - but the point still stands. Wishywashy reads are never a good look because they're commonly used by scum to set up mislynches and erode the town's trust in other townies without the scum player needing to commit to the read or lead the lynch (both of which look bad when the target flips town).10000 Jelly Doughnuts,378,[JOKEVOTE]JELLY[JOKEVOTE]

oh god, everyone's doing weeb shakespeare and pirate speak. Get me outta here


---
I can see a wolf eevee, but I'm hesistant because he's LHF and I feel like I could be misdirected.

It's very weird cash hasn't spoken at all, but I don't think that's AI.

CJ feels... off for some reason, maybe the restriction is throwing me off, but it feels like some serious misdirection in his posts.CjBeats,379,Despite being how one may say active, she is too concerned with how people say things instead of they say! No notable contributions have come forth from her blessed heart, and I find that odd for someone of her stature and expertise!CjBeats,380,Right as I say such words she comes with the spice, oh my! Misdirection in what way my dear friend?HunterC98,381,alrighty, ill be sure to keep that in mind.Grones,382,Indra moment 


(Argh)Grones,383,Cj vs Jelly be a fool's errand, akin t'searching for the fountain o'youthCjBeats,384,Then consider me a fool, cause this one errand that I just must run! My curious heart shan’t be quenched until I do!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,385,Let me go through your posts real quick and find what sort of bothered me. It's very possible it's not your fault and I'm in shock from the PR.CjBeats,386,I shall await patiently with pounding enthusiasm for your return!MrEevee7,387,idk about anyone else but it says right in my file what my alignment is, not just the title of it. so machine shouldve still told him his alignment regardless of whether or not it was in a normal pm. i assumed this meant he was neutral as normally neutral just comes with the roll and no statement of alignment
and then he started talking about his file, which seemed scummy to me as he shouldnt have one based on his request, and he also said he didnt read his file, which would be a pointless post to make if he had read his pm where his role should have been, so id assumed it was again, a lie.Azmimel,388,First post I could find related to his interactions with Pandas.





Eevee remembered that Pandas asked for his role in a PM instead of a file, and then fixates on Pandas saying he did not open his file where his role was because that shouldn't have been a possibility for Pandas. 

I feel like it's way too easy to scum read Eevee based on just his interactions with Pandas (which are the only significant ones he's had), especially since Pandas was creating confusion, which is not a townie thing to do.

Right now it's low-hanging fruit, and I'd like to see more from Eevee before I actually consider him to be a lynch target.

@MrEevee7 whatcha feeling right now?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,389,The hard part is that I do have issues with telling jokes and such over text. The post modifier is making it really difficult to tell if you're sincere or just playing it up. I try to keep it in mind, but you do seem to be trying to pocket people.
And then you make the argument that there was a scum slip despite not knowing anything about the format of the roles, especially because I can't really find an example PM anywhere that would justify the reason. Pandas was weird, but this is a confusing game.

Although saying you've never read your PM (pandas) is scummy, so that's agreeable
With Hunter
Hunter again, and then you were enlightened, but it reads to me like you thought this was a dead end thing.
Pi.

And well, you seem to have an odd relationship with Mito too, the 'spiciest takes' feels very forced to me.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,390,Spicy take: Neither Eevee nor Pandas should be in the lynch pool today.Azmimel,391,I'm okay with a no-lynch, but I want Skrim to explain why she voted CJ and Eevee.Grones,392,


Red_Pandas,393,setup spec good, this argument is not valid
that's pretty much right
I can get thinking pi has one but me being a bit confusing definitely =/= post mod
if anything its very normal for me to be confusing10000 Jelly Doughnuts,394,You know, when it feels like everyone's trying to pocket you, no one is. But there are like three people who did click agree on a lot of my posts recently.

EDIT: removed 'let me check' idk why I put that there.Azmimel,395,yeah, I got a little overeager thinking about post modifiers. 
I thought you didn't like CJ? Where are you on that?TheHorla,396,Why are you bringing up a no lynch so early?Azmimel,397,because three people have voted for a no-lynch so farAzmimel,398,just checked vote count, it's actually fourTheHorla,399,It just feels super weird to preface that question with that statementAzmimel,400,I mean if skrim doesn't explain her votes well then I won't be ok with a no-lynch.Vizier,401,
I swear I heard someone roll in their grave with that joke. Absolutely sickening.HunterC98,402,Sorry, that was me.Grones,403,
Grones,404,@TheHorla a used car for your thoughts?CjBeats,405,Me and mito-Chan’s relationship is one of resounding love, but that does not mean I would like to pocket. Alas, I know not the heart of Mito-Chan, so I cannot say anything about him! As for the other laddies you mentioned, I simple wish to protect huntie-wuntie on this first day as he has not played in many a moon. And is it wrong to love my cap’n-Chan for telling me when day ends? I think not! But that is the only reason I said such things, so i find it a stretch if you think that’s me trying to pocket the dear lad.

And one does know the format of a role pm, or at the very least one should! After all, we all received one from the machine senpai!TheHorla,406,Null on everyone except gikkle (light town for speaking up for panda) and lean scum on skrimiche for voting eevee.HunterC98,407,to be fair, a lot of what eevee has to say is either voting or straight calling folks out, not that i agree against him but it is something to keep aware of.Skrimiche,408,
i have my reasons, and if i dont make them public then that is also for a reason. :s

i dont think he is?

gimme a bit

scary ;-;Grones,409,Eevee be a mighty sailor, no LHF 
He be no mutineer, ne'erthelessGrones,410,Who ye be wagering be the mutineer, then?DAREALMoneyMan,411,Alas I am binging Ted lasso, I will probably be done with the season by the end of the day so I’ll do things then (TM)Skrimiche,412,also i voted cj because he had stinky energy but i dont feel like pushing him rnRed_Pandas,413,relatableAzmimel,414,Other head popping in! It's cause (you're his scum buddy) : )Skrimiche,415,prove it busterTheHorla,416,Maybe skrim and azmimel?TheHorla,417,To expand on this a bit: azmimel made some really poor attacks on panda (the whole pm speculation bit was bad, thinking that he had a post modifier that made him always lie was scummy, reading him as jester was scummy, not considering that he may have been a bit confused (and that he was telling the truth that he didn't know his alignment at the beginning) was scummy.)

Skrim naked voted eevee after I attacked them is scum-indicative, and mel immediately criticizing them (and afterwards weakly pressuring skrim) feels a bit more like scum distancing than actual scumhunting.Azmimel,418,Pandas came out and said that he did not have an alignment in his role pm, and then later claimed mafia. He did not claim that he was joking until later. That was confusing to me. I saw absolutely no reasoning for town or scum to have made that move, so I assumed he was a neutral who wanted to die. I don’t think that’s scummy.

I never speculated above role pms. In fact, I was very against it. I did speculate a bit about post modifiers, and yeah, I’ll admit I fixated on it a bit too much, but I was trying to figure out why on earth he would’ve decided to share all of this information with us instead of dming machine and figuring it out, which is what I would’ve done, and post modifiers were on my mind because of the earlier discussion. Was it a poor decision to setup speculate so early on? Probably. Is it alignment indicative? Probably not.

I don’t know why you think my argument against skrim has been weak. I haven’t voted her, that’s true, but I didn’t want to vote anyone until I discussed it with my partner.

this is the only post I made about role pms.MrEevee7,419,Idk tbh but i feel like some of the ppl on my wagon are scummy
Why? That's just straight up an anti town line of thought.Skrimiche,420,anti town? like an anti hero? sickSkrimiche,421,+ no it isnt

machine if by some miracle youre reading this i hate you for the no edit ruleRed_Pandas,422,I can see that, kind ofRed_Pandas,423,its been in mafia games like foreverSkrimiche,424,

Spoiler: cj stink pg 13









Skrimiche,425,yeah but normally i can edit in my afterthoughts when i post
now i have to double post and it's annoying for people trying to catch up TheHorla,426,There's a whole bunch to unpack here:
- if someone claims mafia, it's obviously a joke
- jokes are a thing, and don't necessarily imply that someone wants to die.
- I think it's scummy to read into his behaviour this much
- Making assumptions about the veracity of panda's claim that machine forgot to state his alignment is inherently PM speculation
- Re: why panda shared the info: when I read his posts, I found it funny that machine forgot to give him his alignment; that you didn't consider (or pretended to not consider) that he shared it because mod errors are funny is scummy.
- I didn't say that the post modifier speculation was scummy because it's setup speculation (but good point there, I guess that's one more reason to scumread you!). Your comment was scummy because trying to explain player behaviour by post-speculation ("they are lying/acting off because of mod instructions") is not a townie line of reasoning.
- Your argument against skrim is so far weak because I find it unpursuasive.Rorschach,427,*unpersuasiveGrones,428,Jokes aint always jokes arghhhSkrimiche,429,FIGHT ME YOU COWARDRorschach,430,Sure.
Skrim has been modkilled.

I win.

Skrim has been reinstated into the game.MrEevee7,431,How is it notTheHorla,432,What are you saying here?Azmimel,433,





1) From my point of view, we were out of RVS/the banter stage. Pandas said he thought it would be exciting if people voted him. That implies he wants to die.
2) He didn’t clear up that it was a joke until 30-45 minutes after, and during that time he was a major topic of discussion. The majority of players on at the time believed him to be a jester. He didn’t clear it up immediately even though he was online, which I found weird.
3) You’re telling me it’s suspicious to analyze a player I found scummy at the time? 


My argument was not about PM speculation because I was questioning why he shared the information with us. I was confused because I would’ve asked machine instead of sharing it with the rest of the players in the game. Because of this, I thought it might be a ploy to make himself seem suspicious and therefore get voted.





Proof that I never once speculated about what was actually in his PM, just that I wondered why he actually did it.


Once again, I didn’t understand why Pandas was sharing the information with us. So I tried to figure out why. Two things came into my mind. Jester, which was a common answer among the online players, and a post modifier. I thought of a post modifier because of what I’d been thinking about before with you, grones, skrim, and Gikkle.


My argument against Skrim is her votes with absolutely nothing to back them up. I made that point before you did, you just dedicated an entire post to it. Do you not find your own argument persuasive enough?Skrimiche,434,im sure youve had times where you didnt want to spell things out for a greater purposeGrones,435,Nothin 
Yar har harGrones,436,[vote] cash [/vote]Gikkle,437,I'm 2% closer to ending the world
better kill me before thenTheHorla,438,Not yet, actually! It's pretty weak right now. My argument is that you're making the same (weak) argument as I am, but to distance yourself from her.
*shrugs* Regardless of how you define the end of RVS, I did not take their posts seriously. I think you are taking some posts that were not meant to be taken seriously far too seriously, and tied yourself up in knots trying to explain them via post modifiers.
I think the majority of players that were on at the time were wrong about that. 
Yes, depending on what you're analyzing? See the comment above about taking things seriously.
Just trying to understand something here. Did you think he was telling the truth that machine forgot to give his alignment, or not?
I understand that! The facts here are clear. But I think your conclusion was wrong, and I find it suspicious that you came to the conclusion that it was a post modifier.MrEevee7,439,sure, but seeing as it is impossible to have mech info atm, i dont see how it could be that.
and not explaining reads, unless youre just being lazy, doesnt help town at all and makes you look like you dont have any actual reasons for them10000 Jelly Doughnuts,440,Except speculating on pms is useless especially for Req because he does make changes and edits to the template all the time.

Heck, he didn't even put a period in my pm, is that scum indicative?

Also Skrim, give your reasons, let's not play this gameSkrimiche,441,booooo

touché

Cj - I quoted the posts that pinged me earlier while I was reading up. I didn't feel like pushing him (I confess to being lazy!), and I switched off to Eevee soon after because that's a vote I have reasons for doing aside from gut.

Eevee - First, I thought Pandas scumslipped about his alignment not being in his pm. This was because i asked Machine earlier if the "village" in the title of my google doc was my alignment (because it wasnt in the contents of the doc), and he confirmed it. But then I thought about it some more, and realized it was more likely that it was just a goof & not an actual scumslip. Eevee pointing out the contradiction with Panda's PM (being on the hypixel forums and not a google doc) seemed townie to me, but his subsequent hounding of Panda afterwards didn't. You can argue that the attempt at gamesolving is townie, but to me, it looked more like scum going after low-hanging fruit.

anyways im dipping to pet some cats and my dog grandson, ciao o/Skrimiche,442,also the reason why i didnt elaborate on the eevee vote was because i wanted to see how he'd react to it & whether or not he'd continue to push pandasAzmimel,443,Are you trying to trick me into actual pm speculating? Either way, it doesn't change my argument. I found him suspicious because he volunteered the information, not because he claimed machine forgot to give him his alignment.

Oh, so you're not as confident as you seem. 
you're right, it probably wasn't meant to be taken seriously. However, that's how I took it at the time, and since I want to defend myself I am attempting to explain my thought process. 
My conclusion wasn’t that he had a post modifier, my conclusion was that something else was going on here. Post modifier was just an example of something else that could’ve been going on. 
HunterC98,444,where was this mindset back when i horsed around with bold talk and ended up getting myself lynched on just talking around?Grones,445,We be halfway to nightfall, best we line up some choice ruffians to walk the plank! 

I wanna see 
Mito
SkrimGrones,446,Gikkle 


Send them all to the plank!Vizier,447,What flavor stinky? Skunk, onion, rotten food?CjBeats,448,
What happened to me oh cap’n my cap’n? doth thou not know your own heart? What a spicy lad you are oh cap’n-Chan to change up so quickly! 

Mistress Skrimiche-kun, I saw thine post about my stinkiness, but alas I do not understand what pinged you about those? Will you enlighten my darling heart?

And to my dearest jelly, I have seen your point! Oh what a wonderful mind you possess!CjBeats,449,MY LOVELY ARRA OH TO SEE THINE FACE FILLS MY HEART WITH SUCH JOY!!

Tell me, my dearest Arra, doth thou have any thoughts?Scythe,450,"Shall I compare thee to a summer day?"
"You're both hot."Vizier,451,
Nothing really rattles around in this dead head of mine, but I figure I can dig something up to support an idea I have.CjBeats,452,Oh superb! I shall await your return with bated breath!Vizier,453,There's. Not a cupid/lovers role in this setup. Right?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,454,Days I wish I had a vig shotVizier,455,



Edit: Posted meme twice.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,456,You are exceptionally wishy-washy.

[Vote]CJ[/Vote]CjBeats,457,You no longer need one, for this comment is already a knife to the heart! Oh what a cruel, black, wicked, twisted, nasty heart you must possess to say such rudeness to one such as me!CjBeats,458,A man merely knows when to change his mind when faced with arguments that make sense! My mind is not fixed, it is open to one’s voices!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,459,Mmmmmhmmm
You're really wishy washy, not changing your mind with good arguments. It's more that anytime anyone puts any push back on your opinions, you drop back. You've done it like 4 times.Vizier,460,

TheHorla,461,I explicitly stated earlier that my scumread of skrim was pretty weak, so my "confidence" is really just a strawman.
No, you're getting paranoid. You assumed that pandas posting "I don't have an alignment" makes him scummy or a jester - what logically follows is that you assumed he was lying about not having an alignment. If you thought he was telling the truth, his statement is obviously NAI, since he made it before he had an alignment!TheHorla,462,There is literally figuratively nothing to use to form a mito read right now.TheHorla,463,Final thought: Grones is funny as heck, but most of his posts substantively add up to "I want to lynch mito and skrim" or "Thoughts?"Grones,464,A used car for your thots?Grones,465,Lies and deception, mutiny! He be a conspirator, I quoted the ruffian.Mitochondria,466,Pi, do you have an argument against me which doesn’t boil down to “oh he TRs me which means he’s scum trying to pocket me”? I’d hope yes if I’m one of your top lynch targets today Red_Pandas,467,I ran out of reactions, expect no communication from me for exactly 24 hoursMitochondria,468,Maybe this post? Idk, I guess I’m biased but I genuinely fail to see how any of this is scummy. First quote was RVS, second was genuine curiosity and trying to spark discussion, third was my read at the time and an attempt to get some non-RVS discussion going. Fourth is setup spec and thus bad, but ehRed_Pandas,469,the rule hasn't changed at all
probably..
we don't know for sureRed_Pandas,470,yeah tbh no ai in thereGrones,471,Yarrr! I be quoting yer crimes! Ye set us off-course with yer insinuation that post mods be alignment indicative/one o'them be scum! Subtle, but powerful derailing! Typical mutineering!MrEevee7,472,Why mito?
This does seem like a bit of an overreaction thoughRed_Pandas,473,trying to find out why you're scum read is not overreactingGrones,474,Arghh! I be explainin meself o'er and o'er!Grones,475,Jelly be sailing under our radar, methinks.Grones,476,[vote] Gikkle [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,477,
"Slipping under radar"
votes gikkle.

also smh at not reading any of my arguments with CJRed_Pandas,478,I really don't get the thread title tbhGrones,479,With respect, ye olde cap'n closes his eyes and scrolls past e'ery word Cj posts10000 Jelly Doughnuts,480,Oh okay, understandable why you missed it and scum read me. Have a nice day.Grones,481,SR ye? Ne'er said that! Don't ye be puttin words in me mouth like some kind o' freshwater tv show hostMrEevee7,482,No, it's not. But he could have awaited groness response instead of writing an essay. I just found it a bit odd is all.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,483,But you do so...Grones,484,Should I? 


Arghhh!Grones,485,But that were me reasoning! He be askin for me reasoning, and found it! This be a weird position to take, Eevee. I'll have ye swabbing decks for a week for this!Skrimiche,486,good news: the cats like me
bad news: im allergic to catsSkrimiche,487,onions are divine you take that back

sure, gimme a min

ahaha yeah ive never done that as town myself ahahaha
ahaha
aha10000 Jelly Doughnuts,488,Yes. Go on!MrEevee7,489,Well since he clearly wasn't satisfied with the reasoning id expect him to not say anything about it then attack you if thats all you said it was in case there were more reasoningGrones,490,So ye admit to being a scalleywag?!Grones,491,Why would he say nothing? Is he a mute? A dumb landlubber? No, he be a tricksy siren, speech be his gift.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,492,Yes

(I shouldn't have to do the joke here but I will)MrEevee7,493,So that he makes sure he doesn't attack you needlessly..? It's what i would do at leastGrones,494,Why would he be wary o'attacking me "needlessly"? He be scared o' me?Grones,495,This be no laughing matter!Skrimiche,496,On second thought, I agree with Cj on this? Whoops. Not sure why I thought it felt wrong. Might've been the "subjective" bit triggering a primal response in me.

The only thing he questioned from that list (Azmimel scumreading me/Gikkle + townreading Hunter/Panda/Cj) was the scumread on me, which is strange. I'm not sure why he would pick to exclusively focus on me there.

(Context: Grones offers me & Gikkle as lynch candidates, then votes Gikkle, then 2 posts after voting Gikkle tells Cj to stop discussing role PMs because it's derailing the thread*, then 2 posts after that votes Cj.
*@Grones did I get that right? Just wanna make sure I'm understanding the pirate lingo. :3)

I was going to say: "Cj shouldn't be calling out others for being wishy-washy when he's been doing it himself", but when I looked back at the actual posts I had in mind from him, I actually think the progression might be natural? He basically went through the same "Panda scumslipped" --> "Panda/Machine just goofed up" thought process as me, although he stayed at Stage #1 of that longer than I did.


Spoiler: Cj posts












@Gikkle what do you make of this^? My confidence is shattered and my night is ruined. :<Skrimiche,497,@ the cj debacle: im gonna sleep on it
and by sleep on it i mean im gonna forget about it until i remember that im playing in this game tomorrow and check the thread
o/Grones,498,Man, I have no idea, I, myself, lose half the meaning while typing up these posts

ARrghh I mean, ye be right on the trrrrreasure lass!HunterC98,499,isee that we have made a lovely circle of conversation....right where we started 'n such...10000 Jelly Doughnuts,500,You missed how he said I was scummy and then I gave a single response and he decided that was okay.

Hmmm. I don’t have an opinion on mark right now and that concerns me.Red_Pandas,501,very relatableTheHorla,502,I don't actually believe this, fyiTheHorla,503,Day 1 Votecount:
(2) nolynch: Gikkle, HunterC98
(2) cjbeats: 10000 Jelly Doughnuts, Red_Pandas
(2) gikkle: Azmimel, Grones
(1) mreevee7: Skrimiche
(1) chucklenuts: DAREALMoneyMan
(1) mitochondria: Mitochondria
(1) thehorla: Vizier
(3) Not voting: TheHorla, MrEevee7, CjBeats

You can view this votecount and all previous votecounts in the #votecounts channel in Discord.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,504,You can not believe it. I am saying this because as of this moment, it's true.

I'll go through your posts and see what I think after that.MrEevee7,505,[vote] gikkle [/vote]
@GikkleGrones,506,Argh! Well I don't be believing yer disbelief!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,507,

Spoiler: Mark's posts






PREGAME ^
---






























I think these are all of mark's post, did it by hand though so possible I missed one. Going to do a little step by step and assign arbitrary points to each post. These points add up to a fake final score that is entirely real and will determine my read.

Which will come in the next post so I can actually click on the quotes and read them as I'm drafting my response.
---

EDIT: hopefully fixed spoilers
EDIT 2: hopefully fixed spoilers?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,508,The first quarter of the day was rather weak until Mark enters in with his Pandas post, providing evidence to a joke gone awry. Nothing about the post is outstanding towny or scummy wise, although at the time it may have looked as a controversial opinion because of how everyone seemed to be whipped up into a frenzy about Pandas 'scum slip'
+1 Town Points

Asks about Pi pressuring eevee, which is incredibly NAI.

Goes back on his eevee read and admits it's impulsive, agreeing with mito. This I think marks the real end of the Eevee Pandas debate, although people would later also enforce their opinions on it.+1 Town points for admitting fault.

Dislikes a no-lynch, especially honing in on Azimel when at the time there were 4 people actually on the no-lynch train, asking none of them! I'm hesitant to call it tunneling, because it's not quite as aggressive as that, but in a couple posts down still thinks scum team could consist of Azimel, focusing on several things like Azimel considering Pandas to be jester. However, in the thread there were a fair amount of people considering jester as an option, why did Mark latch onto Azimel's posts about that and call it scummy? I feel as if there is some minor tunneling or busing here. +1 Scum points.

(Although looking at skrim's posts, they are rather weak in general, not providing reasoning until after someone calls her out on it bugs me as disinterested at the least and scummy at the most. Either way, NOT GOOD)

Mark continues to attack Azimel for things that other people did as well. +1 scum points. (Half the game was PM/setup speculating. Off the top of my head, Skrim and I did.)

Azimel sets up strawman; the argument continues. I'm now more leaning towards T/S or even T/T. I doubt S/S would use such terrible pushes to bus, and both Azimel and Mark would be fairly coordinated and careful on a bus if this were the case.

Final post is IIoA, heistant to assign scum or town intent to it, but I would argue that seems fairly out of character for him.

Final Score: 2 town points, 2 scum. An Azimel flip would be extremely helpful for resolving Mark; I think. If Az flips scum, Mark's a god-tier townie, because I don't see bussing in this scenario. If Az flips town, I'd hit mark with an investigative or a lynch.

Anyway, my thoughts on Mark. Minor ones on other people that have slipped under my radar.

---
Vizier (Arra): The vibes he gives off seem like someone rusty at mafia, not new. He has played in a couple minis here, but not ones that would justify his knowledge and apparent paranoia about lovers/cupid. I am extremely hesitant to say 'coaching' because that A: make me look like a jerk, and B: has bitten me on the butt of course. It's possible he researched and gained knowledge, and I think that my initial paranoia of 'COACHING?!!?!1!' is unfounded. Slight TR.

Hunter: TR. I have no idea how much Hunter has played before, but I'll assume he's new. He seems townie overwhelmed with learning the game. I think scum would provide more guidance in scum chat if he had rolled wolf. Of course, if Hunter does flip wolf, I think we can assume that wolves are inactive. 

Pi: Pi's town. I just feel it. Gut reasoning is of course bad, but he's acting like he does as town. 

Eevee: I think Eevee is a slight town lean for me, his confusion earlier with Pandas feels genuine. Also I don't think scum eevee naked votes like town does.HunterC98,509,If its anything worth mentioning, I was also aware of a Lovers style of role by Youtube....so that is a full possibilities.Gikkle,510,I'm not sure why you're tagging me specifically when I haven't really interacted with Cj but whatever

Also not sure if you are asking what I think of what you're saying about him or Cj in general

Your analysis is weird
One of your posts is like, why not just ask him why he picked the SR on you out of the others to question. Why make this statement without first asking Cj? Unless you did and I missed it...

I'm not too sure what the point of this analysis is if your conclusion is just "he might be town". Did you have some kind of big SR on him or something and this was supposed to be what made you turn around on that? I don't quite understand why you'd do an analysis on someone and just come up with "his progression MIGHT be natural", unless you strongly SRed them, but I don't see a reason why you would this early. 

Is this supposed to be some kind of test? I genuinely don't understand why you would make this post and not come up with a better conclusion than this.

My opinion on Cj? Idk, I haven't bothered trying to read him. Only people I've formed reads on are Mark(TR), Mito(LTR), Pandas(TR), and Eevee(LSR). Maybe someone else I've forgotten about, idk.Gikkle,511,How come you can't delete post drafts anymore :/Skrimiche,512,i did? p sure i only did it for like 2 posts before realizing it was a dead end

what other info would an azmimel flip give?

because i love you

i
...
hey @CjBeats why did you pick out the SR on me out of the others to question

i thought i had a (lightish?) scumread on him but then i lost confidence in it when i went to look at the posts that pinged me

gosh gikkle dont make me spell it out
it's 'cause im baaad ( ༎ຶ ۝ ༎ຶ )Red_Pandas,513,feeling good, might make 1 singular readGikkle,514,w.shoot Skrimiche
Mmm
Alright
What's your current read on Cj now then? Null? Light TR?
Sorry Red_Pandas,515,what do this meanGikkle,516,Information instead of analysisRed_Pandas,517,well I managed to read an entire ISO without forming any opinions at all
10000 Jelly Doughnuts,518,Information on Pandas. If Azimel flips scum, I'd say its safe to assume Pandas isn't scum.
That happens sometimes :/Skrimiche,519,if 1 is town and 10 is scum, then he's at about a 6Grones,520,Who ye ruffians be lynching?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,521,I'd be fine with a CJ or Azimel lynch for reasons stated somewhere in the thread.

Or you for the memes.HunterC98,522,about 6 hours till the notalynch happens, if someone is intent on going in the gallows, time is a running out..Gikkle,523,I think I'm top wagon rn
idek whyTheHorla,524,Why does gikkle have votes lolHunterC98,525,Oh? Welp, guess the gallows will be claiming a soul.....less folks wise up.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,526,Agreed, looks like some of them are for no reason lolRed_Pandas,527,[unvote][/unvote]TheHorla,528,Really don't understand the case against gikkle (literally none of his posts have registered with me.) Reading back, but until then [vote]No lynch[/vote]HunterC98,529,all i have on Gikkle so far is some very brazen remarks that honestly read as trying to bluff about an assigned role, and as much as i actually wanna vote for him..it just doesnt seem worth lynching in my eyes..Skrimiche,530,not me? ;O

also what
people are voting gikkle?HunterC98,531,A handful are, but right now looks like No lynch is winning.Grones,532,Yarrr! no lynching be a funny!

[vote] no lynch [/vote]TheHorla,533,You going to explain why you were originally on the gikkle wagon and are now switching off?TheHorla,534,Day 1 Votecount:
(4) nolynch: Gikkle, Grones, TheHorla, HunterC98
(1) cjbeats: 10000 Jelly Doughnuts
(2) gikkle: Azmimel, MrEevee7
(1) mreevee7: Skrimiche
(1) chucklenuts: DAREALMoneyMan
(1) mitochondria: Mitochondria
(1) thehorla: Vizier
(2) Not voting: Red_Pandas, CjBeats
The next votecount will be processed in 0.5 hours. You can view this votecount and all previous votecounts in the #votecounts channel in Discord.Grones,535,Methinks he be conspirators along the vile Skrimiche. Their RVS be more rotton than a landlubber's body left at sea.Grones,536,I be opposed to sendin ol' sailor Azimel down ye plankGrones,537,Both o' these 'ere sailors be experienced voyagers. They be from Port Chucklefish. 

Methinks yer Arra read be mighty suspiciousitious, on me grandmother's warts! Ye say ye be disregardin yer paranoia and yer seasickness, an' then ye reckon 'im a loyal sailor. If ye aint factorin in no coaching, none o'that, then what have ye to base yer read o'him? Ye mention but nothin else!TheHorla,538,Expand on this please?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,539,Why?
Yea but if someone starts playing mafia again after a break, it takes them a bit to get in the groove of things.
Also arra’s posted like 15 times, most of them being memes, calm a bit down in asking for a surefire read. I saw one post that was weird and then discounted it when I was being unreasonable.MrEevee7,540,[unvote] [/unvote]MrEevee7,541,Why are we no lynching..?Grones,542,Then why ye be readin 'im as a loyal sailor, instead o' null?Grones,543,erybody be voting Skrimiche off the plank early, an' Gikkle be mighty strange when he be doing it.


These posts be soundin' the bells o' enemy fire, methinks.

Voyagin on, he be letting out mysterious words

An' with no explanation o'er th'horizon

He be a dangerous pirate, methinksAzmimel,544,Reading up right now. One of us should be on for EoD.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,545,I said slight town read. Like so slight it nearly doesn’t matter.Grones,546,Hmmmmmm
Arrrrrrr ye suuurrrre 'bout that? Ye clearrrrly considered it important enough t'include in yer listAzmimel,547,[unvote][/unvote]

I didn't vote at all yesterday, so I'm almost certain that the Gikkle vote is from RVS.



I logged on a couple of minutes after he posted claiming mafia. I think the above is my first post of the day.I guessed this was a ploy by him to get voted, and that sharing the information about his PM was another way to make himself suspicious. It didn't matter to my argument that was he said was the truth or not, what mattered is that he decided to share it with us.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,548,I literally said above it: people who have been slipping under my radar. Smh illiterate pirate.Grones,549,Hmrrrrrr
Arghhhh
I be keepin me good eye on ye, tricksy sea dogRorschach,550,Guys remember to submit your flavors for game B, EOD is coming up and so is the deadline for that. Please submit it in your game B folder excel if possible, that automates things and makes the turnaround a lot quicker.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,551,Oh. Yea I should do that.DAREALMoneyMan,552,Just read and up and things. Not going to bother to give reads on people I didn't pay attention to. Even though I have done it in the past, I am disappointed people aren't following up on stuff they think is scummy just because jester is possible in this game. You guys are better than me!

Azmimel thingy



Spoiler: Full ISO




























































Spoiler: Notable Posts




Reported for bad takes. You are trying to rationalize his scummy behavior via "oh maybe post modifier!" 
I'd like to mention that I didn't find what Panda said about his pm not including his faction was scummy! If it was true, I feel like the other scum mates would notice, given the team follows the typical 1:4 ratio, they were missing someone. Back on topic, if you say he was being so scummy (even if obvious), why are you attempting to find an excuse for him (oh, he is probably Jester, or has a post modifier). Just because it is possible in the game does not mean you value it over dayplay. ALSO, a post modifier making you act scummy is stupid and I don't see Machine adding it. You could then chalk off all scummy behaviors to the modifier.
Because it was a joke? He was making light of the situtation?
Take note for later (referring to Panda).
It is always RVS for Panda (but I agree we shouldn't pass things off just because they say "oH it was RVS!"). You say here that you don't think he is towny, and referring to above post you said he was either village idiot or neutral. Thus, you think he is neutral in your own words. If you really thought he was neutral, why aren't you trying to see what type of neutral he is or voting him!
Town points here.

I have done this along with many other people in many other games. It is an obvious joke I:
NAI!! I don't think admitting that you made a boo boo is alignment indicative.
Refer to the post above x2
Well I don't think he really needed to say it was a joke considering it was obvious.
Too lazy to see what you are responding to here :/
Already said why this is stupid!



[vote]Azmimel[/vote]

I am also suspicious of Cj and Panda but I have other things to do. Like Bike. And Eat. And SleepDAREALMoneyMan,553,Also Mark you should give me the ISO bot!TheHorla,554,I am too tired to keep arguing here but this is another strawman. I am saying that if panda did not know his alignment, then him posting "I don't have an alignment" is obviously NAI. If you think he is lying for some reason, that is a different argument (and closer to the one you made.) When reading pandas, it matters what you thought his PM read; that is why I said you were speculating about his PM.Rorschach,555,Ryast has the ISO bot, not Mark.TheHorla,556,Ryast posted a link in #announcementsSkrimiche,557,why me owo
your post elaborating on this only had gikkle quotes

do you think azmimel & pandas are on the same scumteam or different scum alignmentsGrones,558,Gikkle be voting ye, then he be opposed t'me voting ye. It be worrying, like an ill tide.MrEevee7,559,Is there a reason were no lynching..?HunterC98,560,cause most everyone who was willing to lynch has either no voted or unvoted.Grones,561,Nightfall be in 10 minutesGrones,562,Arrrr! I be wrrrrrong! 50 minutes!Red_Pandas,563,[vote] no-lynch [/vote]
why notGrones,564,[vote] panda [/vote] 
I be a wacky pirateSkrimiche,565,bruh you made me panicHunterC98,566,I made myself panic..i thought i missed it.Skrimiche,567,[vote]no-lynch[/vote]Mitochondria,568,Refuse to vote for a D1 no lynch on principle so uh

[vote] Skrim [/vote]Mitochondria,569,Actually nah, I think Skrim's fine

[vote] Gikkle [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,570,Why Gikkle?Gikkle,571,i'm a good boi
I just like human flesh, nothing wrong with thatMitochondria,572,Bad gut feel, didn't do much of anything today, no other targets I feel strongly about right now.Mitochondria,573,Actually that's a lie, my pet theory is that Pi's scum but y'all ain't ready for that discussion yetDAREALMoneyMan,574,SameDAREALMoneyMan,575,Wait- why are we no lynching? Meh.Grones,576,I'lla turn'a you into'a pasta lasagna mama miaHunterC98,577,captain....who is this italian dude?TheHorla,578,Oh I'm ready for that discussion!


Re: today's lynch, fine with no lynch since the gikkle wagon is really weak and I'm not confident in anyone else (even azmimel) to eliminate.Rorschach,579,Esther is wheeled into the large room by a rather tall butler fellow, his tailcoats hovering so as not to touch the floor, and he carefully unfolds a little table and places it in the center of the room.

"You really chose not to lynch anyone?" Esther says distastefully, her eyes narrowing, eyelids you never knew were there stretching to do so. "You are all fools. You have one minute to kill someone. Or else." She says, as the butler places a large shotgun on the table. 

The first player to reply to this post with [SHOOT] @Player [/SHOOT] will take the gun and kill the player they tag.Grones,580,Who arrrrrre ye an' what ye done to th'real MarkTheHorla,581,Ever since gikkle and I got stats on our D1 lynch record, I've come around pretty hard in favour of D1 no-lynching when we have zero clue what to do. We used to NL all the time (and had a decent track record back then) - we should revive the practice!Grones,582,ARGHHH NOBODY TAKE TH'GUNGrones,583,IF ANY O' YE USE TH'GUN I BE HUNTIN' FOR YE TILL THE END O' ME DAYSRorschach,584,"Well? I'm waiting. If you do not do it, I will kill three of you where you stand." Esther says tersely.Gikkle,585,[SHOOT]@Rorschach[/SHOOT]TheHorla,586,Yeah, anyone who uses this gun without discussion gets lynched today.Grones,587,AAAAAAAAAADAREALMoneyMan,588,Can we kill Azmel Grones,589,AAAAAAAAAARRRDAREALMoneyMan,590,WE NEED TO CHOOSE SOMEONE OR 3 MORE DIE - I DON'T WANT TO DIEETheHorla,591,Everyone, relax. 

If machine wants us to lynch someone, then we'll do it. Do not shoot.Gikkle,592,kinda wanna shoot skrim... Not for any good reason, I've just always wanted to do it in a proper mafia game instead of a wolfia game...DAREALMoneyMan,593,but what if I shot scum :>Rorschach,594,There is no Rorschach in the game.Grones,595,How about I shoot ye, ye scalleywagGikkle,596,what happens if I shoot myselfDAREALMoneyMan,597,guys there is 1 minute until eod so we dont have time to change the wagon from no lynchGrones,598,RIP 3 people arrrrrghDAREALMoneyMan,599,I rather that then 3 random people dyingGikkle,600,[SHOOT]@Gikkle[/SHOOT]

LETS GOOORorschach,601,You lose the game if you shoot yourself.

EOD was 15 minute ago. Welcome to twilight.Grones,602,NOOOOOOOO ARGHHHGikkle,603,Great!Rorschach,604,Action not submitted properly.Grones,605,[shoot]@Mitochondria[/shoot]
GIKKLE WHY ARGHHHDAREALMoneyMan,606,WHY10000 Jelly Doughnuts,607,oh shoot, no pun intended.Gikkle,608,[SHOOT] @Gikkle [/SHOOT]DAREALMoneyMan,609,watch as mito is scum though lmaoGrones,610,I BE SO CONFUSED HELP MEEEEEGrones,611,NO 
ARGHHH STOP WHYYYYGikkle,612,You didn't do it correctly either, you fool!

SEE Y'ALL IN THE AFTERLIFE

IT'S BETTER THAN SLOWLY WALKING FOR ETERNITY TOWARDS MY ROOMDAREALMoneyMan,613,why has my post count in twilight been triple than that of dayGrones,614,[SHOOT] @Mitochondria [/SHOOT]

Arghhh! TAKE MINE NOT GIKKLE I BE THE CAP'NTheHorla,615,...Grones,616,MITO BE SCUM YARR HARR HARRGrones,617,Arghhh I be blamin' Gikkle 
He be an agent o' chaos, a bombardier10000 Jelly Doughnuts,618,What the heck was that?1Grones,619,GIKKLE BE TOWN IF HE BE SHOOTIN' 'IMSELF 

I BE SAVIN A LOYAL SAILOR ABOARD THIS VESSEL10000 Jelly Doughnuts,620,I meant with mito, but honestly thanks for the explanation for town gikkle too?TheHorla,621,gikkle is town right lol

like

there's no wayRorschach,622,
Gikkle and Grones rush for the gun, however, Grones is just a bit faster, pulling the gun out and aiming it at @Mitochondria.

The gun explodes in his face, and @Grones topples to the ground.






"That's better." Esther says. "Perhaps this will teach the rest of you to be more decisive." She says, gesturing as the butler wheels her out of the room, picking up the gun from the corpse of Grones as they pass.

Day 1 has ended.Gikkle,623,I have a thick shell skull, I can take it!Grones,624,If Gikkle be shootin' 'imself, he be violatin' the CODE! He be breakin 'is wincon, so the 'eavens be strikin 'im down in MODKILL

but he be shootin' 'imself

a negative times a negative be a positive YARRRRR 

HE LIVES!
@Rorschach LET 'IM LIVEGikkle,625,c'mon man!TheHorla,626,jfcGrones,627,????
GIKKLE BE FIRST YARRRRAzmimel,628,EXCUSE ME 

wtfGrones,629,@Rorschach Gikkle actually shot and formatted correctly before me, though.Gikkle,630,I am canonically the slowest person in this game. I will probably not make it to my room until September/October.DAREALMoneyMan,631,no role flip?Gikkle,632,^ this

I shot myself fair and square! Let it happen!Grones,633,day is over no more discussion!!!!Rorschach,634,Night has started. No further game discussion is allowed. I did not make any errors.Rorschach,635,Forgot to add the song to the Start of Night Post.
Updated.Grones,636,@Rorschach title btwRorschach,637,As you all begin to enter the main dining area for breakfast, you recognize an old, surprisingly not dead face. @Grones was fortunate, and the gunshot blast was not fatal. On the other hand... @MrEevee7 will not be joining you. Not only are both of his left legs missing, but he is in fact, dead. The poor centaur.

The stench of death is strong. There's a raven sitting on the tables. Dead. A nametag on it indicates that its name was "Clive."
A note from Esther sits with it. "Don't disappoint me today. Or I will make sure you are disappointed in yourselves."



Spoiler: MrEevee7 Flip



Virgil the Centaur, the Village Lie Detecting Oracular Vigilante



I hope you enjoy your breakfast as the sun rises...

Day will end at 4:30 PM EST on Sunday, August 8th, with a Twilight of 1.5 hours.Skrimiche,638,uh ohhhhRed_Pandas,639,that seems that it would be powerfulGikkle,640,I've totally forgotten basically everything that happened in this game

Who did we suspect again? Mito?Azmine,641,Pi, did anything happen while you were "dead"Azmimel,642,you’re on the wrong accountAzmimel,643,Wow that's crazyHunterC98,644,Oh captain my captain, are you still alive?TheHorla,645,How does Oracular work?Red_Pandas,646,by miracle, probably caused by him being coolRorschach,647,Ask question, receive answer.TheHorla,648,Was the scope of the questions limited in any way?Rorschach,649,
HunterC98,650,Answer it NOBALLSGikkle,651,Isoing myself to jog my memory as to what has happened


Spoiler: my posts












































Gikkle,652,Mark/Pandas/Grones I guess are my TRs for today? Idk I'm going with my past self

I also apparently TRed Mito but idk whyGikkle,653,ISOing Eevee for nk analysis purposes


Spoiler: Eevee ISO






























Gikkle,654,Eevee's main contribution was pushing Pandas
Some shade thrown on Mito at some point too but nothing significantGikkle,655,[VOTE]Pandas[/VOTE]

carrying on my boy eevee's legacy!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,656,The pandas argument isn't really strong at all. I wouldn't think mafia would go and try to frame Pandas by killing eevee when the read was mediocre.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,657,I'm honestly confused about the NK in general. Eevee is usually lynchbait, not a NK. What is mafia doing?Gikkle,658,Doesn't your second sentence support the pandas argument
They aren't gonna be trying to frame him, so the only real reason to kill Eevee is to silence him if pandas is scumGikkle,659,In what game was eevee killed n1 because mafia was purposefully doing weird kills
Can anyone remind meMitochondria,660,I'm gonna be honest, I forgot everything that was happening in this game

Big wtf to Pi for trying to kill me when I wasn't on at the very end of the last day phase, not a fan of that play at all. Personal feelings about getting merc'd aside, it was super impulsive and, imo, big scum energy to make a move like that.Grones,661,I lived *****Grones,662,Yarrr ye be scumGrones,663,No yarrrrrGrones,664,It was be to save Gikkle and 3 townies yarrrr

Ye be scumAzmimel,665,Any thoughts beyond thatGrones,666,The mutineers be cowards n killed a sailor who ne'er voted a soul. We be hardp'essed t'read this 'ere kill.Grones,667,He be scum
I be a soulreadin cap'nTheHorla,668,I am backAzmimel,669,I mean you soulread jelly last game so I'm almost inclined to believe you.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,670,Ah. Yea. Whoops. Sorry. Yea. That's what I mean.Rorschach,671,Hi back, I'm dad.Red_Pandas,672,Ngl I would probably be the mafia member that would be the most sacrifice-able
I don't think mafia would want to keep ,me alone so much they kill eevee just for having a slight scum read on me
if I had a powerful role maybe
but I dont think that would be the entire reason the kill happenedAzmimel,673,This post reeks of town idkGrones,674,Mafia most likely be lookin at votes
Eevee be a no-voter
they be killin 'imTheHorla,675,Sorry just quoting this post as a test10000 Jelly Doughnuts,676,What do you mean?Azmimel,677,Why would they want to kill a novoter?Grones,678,Mafia be wishin' t'lay low. They be murderin' sailors who 'ave no strong reads. Eevee ended day on no vote, yarrr!Grones,679,This be no hypothetical. Look'er at the vote counts, ye scalleywag. Eevee be never votin.Azmimel,680,Yes, but what's your pointCjBeats,681,Did not most of the lads and ladies within this establishment either not vote or vote for a no-lynch? I do not think voting is the right way to look at this.Grones,682,-_-
Ye be intentionally obtuse, yarrrrAzmimel,683,Probably, it's kinda lateGrones,684,The laws o' this ship, the Game C, be dictatin' that any sailor that be killed, be a loser. If ye wish to win this 'ere voyage, ye live. The wincons be different, and we be no-lynchin'.Red_Pandas,685,why?Red_Pandas,686,I didn't post yesterday when I first read stuff but Gikkle's vote on me purely off of continuing Eevee's legacy
it just doesn't seem like something a town would actually doRed_Pandas,687,I like azmimels posts tbhRed_Pandas,688,It feels like Eevee was pretty controversial yesterday and slightly scum read so I'm confused on why scum decided to kill EeveeRed_Pandas,689,sorry for the quintuple post O_O

I kiiiind of don't like Skrim's posts, but not enough to feel like it deserves a scumread
I think I need some others thoughts for this read
what do y'all think of Skrim?Grones,690,Ye be right, we be sendin her off the plank10000 Jelly Doughnuts,691,What’s up with Skrim?Grones,692,/shrug
YarrCjBeats,693,/shrug?Red_Pandas,694,I was thinking something a bit more specific but I guess that worksGrones,695,I be messin' with Pandas
He may be a mutineer, methinks 
"Skrimiche should die maybe? Thoughts?" 
Be the mutineer words.Red_Pandas,696,that is an extreme misinterpretation of my words, captain.Grones,697,A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P 
a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p 


yarr!Grones,698,YarrrRed_Pandas,699,yeah but then that makes it confusing to quoteGikkle,700,who da heck tripped over me last nightGikkle,701,@Red_Pandas what are your reads?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,702,Was that you lol?CjBeats,703,What doth thou mean trip?Skrimiche,704,you forgot why you scumread me, didnt youGikkle,705,was it you, Jelly?!! Very rude!CjBeats,706,Pwease Gikkle wikkle, expwain to wittle ole me.Gikkle,707,someone tripped over me CjBeats,708,I do not understand.Gikkle,709,you don't need to.CjBeats,710,HmmGrones,711,Yarrrr, I be questionin' the importance o' this voyage 

I propose a nolynch again! Yarrr!
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Gikkle,712,can't believe mafia chose eevee to lose first
they must hate eevee personally, since he wasn't even that big of a voice
wow mafia, so rude10000 Jelly Doughnuts,713,Look, I didn't mean to.Gikkle,714,I also got a pillow last night, thanks to whoever gave that to me. much comfy.Red_Pandas,715,any apparent consequences or effects?
Almost no reads tbh, but so far Pi TR and Azmimel slight tr
Pi we have to get flip info at SOME point
Agreed
any effects?Azmimel,716,Not a single sr?Red_Pandas,717,Nope, not one!Red_Pandas,718,Money has barely posted and the only post he seemed to put effort into is just weak arguments against already weak-ish points
it's not like bad-bad so I'm not sure if it is enough to make me feel like a possible S!Money or not
but it is thereRed_Pandas,719,this isn't responding to Azmimel's question, this is cause I JUST looked at Money's postsGikkle,720,who we killinTheHorla,721,[vote]Grones[/vote]

Still very loopy right now, but my reasoning right now is something like this:
- voting no lynch on D1 is an actually sound idea, but voting no lynch on D2 is bad
- him picking up the gun and shooting mito was actually really scummy
- gonna say that still being alive after being blown up is kinda scummy, despite his (feigned?) surprise todayTheHorla,722,The flip side of this argument, though, is that shooting another player is a better play than shooting yourself. Obviously what gikkle did was super townie, but he had a 100% chance of killing town; from town-pi's perspective, he had a 1/4 chance of hitting scum, which is better odds than gikkle's play.

The other tinfoil theory is that gikkle is scum, knew the thing was harmless, and shot himself for town points, but that strikes me as super unlikely.

Still overall, decent scumread on grones for now; I'll keep my vote here for now.Red_Pandas,723,I have no ideaRed_Pandas,724,The forced killing at EoD had almost no hints beforehand possibly revealing it, Mafia would almost never know whether it was real/fake unless Esther (or whoever the person was, I think thats who) is working with the mafia.
I feel like Gikkle self-shot would be extremely risky of a play from scum so that makes me feel like it was a town move.
I would have to check back but if Pi had an SR on Mito it can make sense from a town PoV
however from what I remember, and saw from reading back for reads, Mito wasn't his strongest SR at least from appearance, as compared to people like Skrim and Gikkle (iirc)

Decent point though overall, I didn't do much speculating on pi's shots so this could be a very possible thing
This also makes sense
also I keep forgetting that pi got blown up by itharass,725,never knew a new mafia game was going on
/backupTheHorla,726,I mean, I don't want to speculate too much since there's just a chance the thing was harmless for anyone. But it's a big ??? why he's still here

I also have some thoughts about his actual reads but I really need sleep, I'll post them asap tomorrow; hopefully we can get decent discussion in the last 12ish hours or so and get a decent lynchTheHorla,727,Oh yeah I forgot lol

Grones is voting no lynch even after what happened yesterday

Machine sent a clear message that no lynches -> bad, and grones is basically going "yeah let's touch that hot poker again yarrrr"Grones,728,I be forgivin Mark's votes o' me since he be dyin' and recoverin', from his landlubber vaccine.Grones,729,Also, Mito be scum.CjBeats,730,Then why not vote him instead of a no lynch?Red_Pandas,731,[VOTE] Grones [/VOTE] igGrones,732,Pandas and Mito be scum, methinks

Panda be a timid scum, he be saying this





He never be taking strong stances aboard his vessel. He be test th'waters, lookin' through a glass t'see if fellow mutineers be with 'im. 

Mito/Panda/Someone else 
Mutineerers! 

[vote] Panda [/vote]Red_Pandas,733,I never have strong stances on anything in mafia
this isnt a new thingGrones,734,Maybe so, but ye be testin' th'water to mislynch POOR SKRIMICHE YARRRRRRed_Pandas,735,"I kiiiind of don't like Skrim's posts, but not enough to feel like it deserves a scumread"
as in
"I don't have a Skrim SR because their posts aren't quite bad enough"
also don't you have a Skrim SR?Grones,736,No, I be spurrin ye on t'see what ye do
I be naked votin Skrimiche, and ye went "ok cool". That be tellin' me ye perfectly good with her bein' thrown o'erboard. If ye didn't SR her, why ye be sayin:
Hmmm? 
Yerrrrrr a scum one! Mr Grinch!Red_Pandas,737,I was trying to say "maybe elaborate on why"
worded in a passive-aggressive kind of wayGikkle,738,Why are y'all voting Grones10000 Jelly Doughnuts,739,Money's busy rn.

Pandas reads are a bit sheepish imo, I could see a scum pandas. Placeholder vote, so I don’t get punished if I didn’t vote.

Sorry, busy today. Might be on before EOD but I don’t see it. 

[Vote]Pandas[/Vote]TheHorla,740,I actually agree on the pandas read but why is Mito scum lolGrones,741,Gut and this post
YarrrrTheHorla,742,I'm a bit more sane now fyi

It's kinda suspicious that jelly is parroting pi's vote JUST as I vote grones, which I did not expect

So I see sorta two possible scum teams: pandas/azmine or jelly/piTheHorla,743,That post is fine? I would scumread you if you shot me. And Mito has barely done anything so no idea how you can have a gut read on them in any direction.Grones,744,One death wasn't enough for these mutineer traitors yarrrGrones,745,T H E G U T 

Y A R RRed_Pandas,746,Mark made some posts about it
who am I sheeping with my votes though?
that post is fine?
gut is not enough hereRed_Pandas,747,with my reads*Red_Pandas,748,im pretty sure all my reads are original except the Pi read which ofc is because of markTheHorla,749,Yeah pandas is wheeling votes iirc, he's just being super underconfidentGikkle,750,Oh wait people only lose the game when they are lynched? Not when nked I guess according to the wording of the ruleTheHorla,751,Should read "isn't sheeping"Gikkle,752,Spring has sprung?Azmimel,753,S-Skrim is scum?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,754,Okay on lunch (not lynch, phone) break. Let me explain my pandas read, because I didn’t even see pi’s post really in depth.

Pandas feels noncommittal in any of his reads, which isn’t AI in itself, but then he asks about Cash. Cash, who is out of the game entirely rn, has been immune to lynches and what not afaik, and tries to get suspicion on him. That’s something pretty hard to miss, and I feel like pandas is trying to make a distraction somehow. Therefore scum.

Pi’s scummy too imo, but I have that weird feeling he could be jester and hope someone would be kind enough to kill him.Azmimel,755,oh we’re doing this again, are we?Azmimel,756,From machine on the discord

"
@Player i am making the executive decision to extend day 24 hours due to some housekeeping issues I need to deal with potentially preventing me from having internet during day end.

Day will now end at 4:45 on Monday, with a twilight of 1.5 hours. 

Game B will start 15 minutes after twilight ends in games A&C.
"Mitochondria,757,[vote] Pi [/vote]

Barring a dramatic new development, my vote's probably not moving. Mark kinda stole my thunder, but here are the main reason's Pi's probably scum:
-Again, the gun play was terrible. I'm biased, yeah, but I've never been in a situation where someone's been killed right at EoD when they can't defend themselves by town. Huge town points for Gikkle for his response; Gikkle, if you're scum then congrats, you pocketted me.

-Voting for someone immediately after Mark called him out for no lynching is a bad look imo. I also think it's odd he went for Pandas instead of me (and the no lynch instead of me yesterday) considering half his posts are about he soulreads me as scum. Why is he shading me (and trying to daykill me lol) instead of getting a wagon going?

-As I said yesterday, Pi's D1 play was blegh. I can go back through the posts and find examples of all these things if anyone really wants, but I remember disliking how much he was/is controlling the thread and discussion (shooting down discussion topics he didn't like, e.g. some CJ/Jelly (?) argument from yesterday, trying to railroad my death at EoD yesterday, etc.). My pet theory is that the pirate modifier's faked so he can seem more entertaining (thus more townie) and get away with having leaps in logic by blaming misinterpretations of his post on the modifier.

Unrelated question but @Gikkle was your human flesh problem resolved last night?Grones,758,Machine be threatenin t'kill 3 people. Gikkle conftown. You? Probably scum. Yarrrr it be the best play aboard the vessel


Gettin' ye lynched be a fool's errand. easier t'get yer fellow mutineer.



Idk what this be meanin' so I be ignorin' it.

I be willin' t'hop off th'plank, but absolutely kill Mito and Panda after I flip Town yarrrr harrrGrones,759,This lynch o'me be very strrrrange. Scum motivated, obviously. Mito and Panda be needin' t'die, ye landlubbers'll see. Yarrrrrr

Last scum (if there) be unknown t'me.Grones,760,NoGrones,761,My role be verrrrrrry scummy so I be not claimin even if I be fixin' t'die. If I die, I die. I won't be winnin even if town be winnin' but I be biased, anywhoo, so do be sendin Mito and Panda off th'boat when I be gone.

Rid me o'this cursed post modifier
[vote] Panda [/vote]Red_Pandas,762,When did I ask about cash
the person I actually asked about was Skrim, Cash is just the one who I have the least of a read on out of the players I've looked at.
I actually have been forgetting that Cash is immune to stuff, but I don't even want to Lynch them so that shouldn't even matter right now
Don't use the extremely slim possibility of a jester to avoid a Lynch on them
If you could explain why he's more scummy then you that would be great
If you think there are 2 scum you know of it shouldn't matter much who you decide to kill
this doesn't make sense from town
What is this
Bad
ScummyRed_Pandas,763,Anyone else find it extremely weird that Gikkle is just now theorizing about this, instead of on day 1?

(also just noticed @Rorschach thread title is incorrect I think)Grones,764,I don't really wanna reply to this bc none of the things you said mean anything
I feel like youre purposefully misunderstanding my posts or just asking questions to appear like you're open to changing your mind, when you really just want a mislynch.

Anyways, imma dip for rest of day because I don't really understand what game C is even for? And with Mark and Mito trying to get me lynched, I'm probably dead anyways, which ofc means I lose the game and idc about town winning if I lose, cuz im a wacky selfish biatch. Anywhoo, kill Panda and Mito afterwards.

Yarrrr!Rorschach,765,When they die.Rorschach,766,Shhhhh nooooo its perfect definitely says Day 2Gikkle,767,The fact you find it weird is weird because I just went back to look at the rules and that's why I'm talking about it lolGikkle,768,I still have a craving for human flesh, but I wouldn't call it a problem.Skrimiche,769,grones town
won't be on for most of today (or this week in general tbh) but let it be known!Skrimiche,770,grones town bc he's not acting like he does as scum (from what i remember, anyways; dont rly use/pay attention to meta personally)Red_Pandas,771,You're dodging everything I said in the post, by saying I'm misunderstanding your posts. (If we're both misunderstanding each other this much that would be bad but I don't see exactly how I'm misunderstanding what you're saying.)
If you really think I'm misunderstanding your posts in a way that's harmful to the town right now, you should be correcting what you said or what I misunderstood about it. If I'm getting everything wrong I really would like to know that.
Also referring to me voting someone I SR as "wanting a mislynch" is very scummy to say imo
I can't even explain how bad this sounds
Hm, must be me then.
I just feel like half-way through D2 is a weird time to be looking back at the rules
This doesn't make sense to meTheHorla,772,Reading upRorschach,1,[No mods this is not a duplicate it makes sense if you play the game. I'm sorry that my initial setup looks like spam. We'll be using all three threads. They're not the same.]






The rain falls steadily, the castle rising up.

The carriage we follow in this wet muck sprays up mud every few yards or so, drenching any passerby more than they were before. The rickety shaft of the undercarriage creaks and groans, before the vehicle eventually comes to a stop, the horses pulling it whinnying in annoyance.

Yet another dark carriage in the line tonight, outside the front gate. Some of their inhabitants were invited and came readily...others...not so much.
Thrown in like sacks of potatoes. Today the thunder does not rush across the landscape. For this is a sad day. This is a day someone dies.

This is Mafia.

Please read the following information carefully. Many rules are not the same, and the setup is atypical from what you are familiar with. Do not sign up until you have read how to sign up.



Spoiler: What is Mafia?



Mafia is all about lies and charisma, or at least synthesized charisma. The game typically follows a cycle of discussion whereupon a player is voted out of the game, followed by a cycle where silence reigns, and players may submit their actions which could include such types of things as protection, killing, or investigation.

The game is normally composed of 2 main factions, an uninformed majority, traditionally referred to as "town" or "village," and an informed minority known as "mafia" or "wolves." The wolves' goal is to equal or outnumber the townies, while the town's goal is to eliminate all wolves.

Sometimes there are additional alignments, such as additional mafia factions, or third party roles which can win with any side, or with nobody else.






Spoiler: The General Rules



These rules do not follow a priority system. They are considered sacred, and will not take precedence over one another. These rules may be pre-empted by more game-specific rules, but unless you are explicitly told otherwise either in an official DM by me, or by a specific rule governing a thread posted by me, these rules are hard and fast.

Obey all rules associated with the forum.
Do not discuss the game outside of this thread or host-approved DMs.
Play towards you or your alignments win condition.
Do not post anything in the thread after you die. Memes are fine, as long as they are not game related in any way.
Do not post game related stuff during the cycle at which actions are traditionally resolved. (This is normally referred to as a "night" phase.)
Do not post anything I send you in a DM in any way. This includes copy-pasting, screenshotting or capturing images in any other way. I will give you explicit permission if you are allowed to share something. Otherwise, assume you are not.
Paraphrasing things is fine.
You may not delete your posts, nor edit the post such that the content of the post's meaning is changed. This means only fix grammatical or spelling mistakes if you are editing your posts.
This game will be run across three threads. You will only need to keep track of 2, and only one of those two will have discussion at a time. (Traditionally referred to as a "day" phase.)
As a moderator, I am not bound to always tell the truth. I will avoid lying where possible, but to keep the integrity of the setup, it may necessitate explicitly lying about certain functionalities until they have been triggered.
Nights will be action phases, while days will be discussion phases.
Alignments in other threads are not indicative of alignments in this thread, and vice-versa.
I will not respond to in thread tags.
I will not answer questions in thread.
I will not read questions in thread.
I will respond to my oldest DMed question first. So if you spitfire, sorry it's just I gotta handle the load in one order or another.
You may not discuss a different game in a different thread. (No discussing Game A in Game B's thread.)
This includes Game A/C Combos. Even if you're not playing in both, you may not discuss the one you're not in in your host thread.

I could lie and say that flavor isn't alignment indicative, but that would be a lie. Flavor could be alignment indicative. Or role indicative. Or both.
Duplicates are possible. Even flavor duplicates.

Vote ties are not necessarily handled the same way cycle to cycle or game to game. If not specified at the start of a cycle, assume that it is whoever was at the higher number of votes the longest.
If Player A has 8 votes and Player B has 7 votes, then someone votes player B, player A is still lynched.
If instead someone unvotes player A, player A is still lynched.

No roles are banned from play. This includes OG Jester which kills everyone when it wins.
The bot is doing vote counts. (Thanks Mark.)
Due to the nature of the setup, hydras are discouraged but not outlawed.
THERE IS NOT DEAD CHAT. 
THERE IS NO SPECTATOR'S CHAT.
YOU DO NOT RECEIVE THE ROLE LIST UPON DEATH. 
YOU MAY NOT DISCUSS THE GAME UPON DEATH.




The following three spoilers will discuss specific rules that are different between the three concurrent games. Signing up for game A or game C will also sign you up for game B.


Spoiler: Rules: Game A



As with the previous rules section, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game A's thread specifically.

The capacity of players in this thread must be at a maximum, one less than the capacity of players in Game C. For preference, this game will have two less players than Game C. It runs most optimally with 9 or more players.
Being lynched in this game means you lose the game. Winners get to live to tell about it. Losers do not.
The game follows a traditional layout of Day Discussion and Night Actions. Cycles will last approximately 48 hours each (Night=48hrs, Day=48hrs), but will be updated at the start of each cycle to clarify as needed.
The order of operations for this game is hidden. As such, you will not receive it if asking.
The "town," or uninformed majority faction will be referred to as the mafia. The informed minority will be referred to under any of the following names: "werewolf," "sleeper agent," "wolf,"or "machine why is this so unnecessarily confusing"






Spoiler: Rules: Game B



As with the previous rules sections, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game B's thread specifically.

The capacity of players in this thread is at a minimum the summation of the number of players in Games A & C.
Atypical of traditional mafia games, the discussion phase will be referred to as "Night" while the action phase will be referred to as "Day." Cycles will last 48 hours each. (Day will be 48 hours, Night will be 48 hours)
This game will start on "Day 1," meaning it will start on an action phase.
No roles will be handed out for this game until the end of Day 1's cycle. Roles will be assigned as follows:
During Day 1, you will choose a player in the game, and a flavor for them. A role will be assigned based upon that flavor.
Flavors should be something you would borrow or rent from a library or archive. This could include any of the following types of items:
Books
Movies
Music
Journalism
Photography
Or others...

You may not choose yourself as the player to receive the flavor.
You may not coordinate to ensure that everyone receives a flavor. Some books are not yet written...
If a player receives multiple flavors, they may experience any of the following:
Be given the option to select one.
Automatically redirect the flavor onto someone else.
Receive all flavors as their flavor.








Spoiler: Rules: Game C



As with the previous rules sections, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game C's thread specifically.

The capacity of players for this thread is at a minimum, one more than those in Game A. It works best, however, with 11 or more players.
If you are lynched in this game, you are considered to have lost. Winners get to eat cake, and the dead do not eat...or do they?
The game follows a traditional layout of Day Discussion and Night Actions. Cycles will last approximately 48 hours each (Night=48hrs, Day=48hrs), but will be updated at the start of each cycle to clarify as needed.
The rules for this game are subject to update. At the start of each day or night, any updates will be shared in that start post.






Spoiler: Links to Games A, B, & C



Game A
Game B
Game C





Spoiler: Important Mod Posts



PreGame: Flavor Announcements
Day 1 Start
Day 1 End
Night 1 Start
Day 2 Start



Game C:


Spoiler: Living Players



@Gikkle
@10000 Jelly Doughnuts
@Azmimel
@Grones
@Skrimiche
@Red_Pandas
@DAREALMoneyMan
@Mitochondria
@TheHorla
@HunterC98
@CjBeats
@Vizier





Spoiler: Dead Players



@MrEevee7 (Night 1)





Spoiler: Backups



@Venusaur
@Illwei





Spoiler: Spectators



Thaum is the only person allowed to spectate.





Spoiler: Previous Games



Game I
Game II - Minecraft Edition
Game III - Minecraft Mobs
Game IV - Blitz Mafia
Game V - Food Mafia
Game VI - Music Mafia
Game VII - Super Smash Bros
Game VIII - Pokemon
Game IX - Terraria Edition
Game X - Mega Walls
Game XI - Video Game Music Mafia
Game XII - Yu-Gi-Oh
Game XIII - Time Travel Mafia
Game XIV - Night of the Living Goo’s
Game XV - The Library
Game XVI - Kits and Classes U-Pick
Game XVII - Star Wars
Game XVIII - Greater Idea Mafia
Game XIX - Comic Book Edition
Game XX - Chaos Rising
Game XXI - Final Fantasy: ExDeath’s Summon
Game XXII - Hypixel Mafia Players Mafia
Game XXIII - Night of the Living Goos: Part 2
Game XXIV - Pokemon Edition
Game XXVI - Murder in the Northlands
Game XXVII - Video Games
Game XXVIII - Desolate
Game XXIX - Amusement Park Mafia
Game XXX - Restaurant Mafia
Game XXXI - Night of the Living Goo’s Part 3
Game XXXII - Mark’s Hydra Hell
Game XXXIII - Alliance Mafia
Game XXXIV - Ancient Rome Mafia
Game XXXV - Space Mafia
Game XXXVI - Summer Vacation
Game XXXVII - Dawn of War (DnD)
Game XXV - Hypixel Mafia Players Mafia 2
Game XXXVIII - Applying to College
Mini-Mafia 3: Logical Fallacies Edition
Game XXXIX - Evolution Mafia
Game XL - Don’t Starve Mafia
Game XLI - Historical Figures U-Pick
Game XLII - The Suffering Game
Game XLIII - Minecraft Mafia
Mini-mafia 4: King Edition
Mini-mafia 5: Chess Edition
Mini-mafia 6: Meme Mafia 1
Game XLIV - Finale
Game XLV - Year Long Mafia
Mini-mafia 7: Ryast’s Mini
Mini-mafia 8: Jojo’s Bizarre Mafia
Mini-mafia 9: Persona 5
Mini-mafia 10: Kirby’s Mafia Adventure
Mini-mafia 11: Meme Mafia 2
Mini-mafia 12: Playing Cards
Mini-mafia 13: Profound Mafia
Game XLVI - DEFCON Mafia
Game XLVII - A Forgotten Temple
Game XLVIII - Halloween in January
Game XLIX - Mafia Hotel
Game L - A Test of Faith
Game LI - Evolution Mafia 2
Mini-mafia 14: Operating Room
Mini-mafia 15: Diffusion of Power
Mini-mafia 16: Simulation Mafia
Game LII: Conspiracy Mafia
Game LIII: The Legend of Zelda Mafia


TheHorla,2,What's Carpe Jugulum?Rorschach,3,Seize the throat.Azmine,4,HypeGrones,5,Game CDAREALMoneyMan,6,Why is Ryast in both games A and C Grones,7,Shouldn't this be Game C? Also, why is Ryast in both games A and C?Rorschach,8,Cause I'm not very good at hitting backspace a ton of times after copy/paste decides to put an extra space between every line.Rorschach,9,Rectified.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,10,Let's go!Rorschach,11,HOKIES!!!

BA DA DA DA DA DA DAAAAAAAAAAAAAA DUMMMMMMMHunterC98,12,Welp, the games are fixing to begin eh?TheHorla,13,Quick test here:

[vote]mark[/vote]DAREALMoneyMan,14,Quick, hammer mark pregame

[vote]mark[/vote]TheHorla,15,[vote]ryast89[/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,16,Pregame RVS?Skrimiche,17,eRorschach,18,




Esther surveys the room from her high backed chair, her gaunt frame unnerving. The room is littered with damp sacks, some of you climbing out of them. Some of you have been here for a while, chatting idly over tea. In the center of the room is a large cage, covered in a cloth, something rattling at it from the inside. 

"Welcome...to the game. Everyone. You have been briefed on the rules, and if not...well. They are publicly available to you." Esther says, pulling out a pen and holding it, pointing to a bulletin on the wall with the rules. "When you choose who to lynch for today, Chef says he's on vacation. So unfortunately we'll just have to drop them in there." She says, smiling thinly, pointing to the cage in the center of the room, where something growls from the inside. "Well...I shan't keep you...You must have so much to discuss..."

Day 1 starts Now. It ends at 7:45 pm, EST on August 3rd. Twilight will last until 9pm of the same day.Grones,19,Yarrr me hearties! Aweigh anchor and set sail for hammertown!Skrimiche,20,what is up gamersGikkle,21,10000 Jelly Doughnuts,22,[Vote]Skrim[/Vote]
!Gikkle,23,[VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE]Rorschach,24,@Gikkle
@10000 Jelly Doughnuts
@Azmimel
@Grones
@Skrimiche
@Red_PandasGikkle,25,Great minds think alike!Rorschach,26,@Red_Pandas
@DAREALMoneyMan
@Mitochondria
@TheHorla
@MrEevee7Rorschach,27,@HunterC98
@CjBeats
@VizierGrones,28,[vote] Skrim [/vote] make the wench walk the plank!Gikkle,29,Bandwagon moment
susVizier,30,[Vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts[/Vote]Grones,31,yar har har, ye landlubbers got no mind for naval strategy like ye ol' capt'nVizier,32,CAPTAIN!Skrimiche,33,im feeling like absolute buttcheeks so im not actually gonna play the game /sGrones,34,AYE ME HEARTYSkrimiche,35,not sure why a townie would post this even in RVS. seems like something only scum would do for townpointsVizier,36,LOOK!Grones,37,NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NOGikkle,38,Ah... I am so hungry... But food is so far away....Skrimiche,39,ehh, the game's barely started, doesnt really seem alignment-indicative to me. just a heehoo funnee attemptSkrimiche,40,just because it's RVS doesnt mean scum cant slip. i see zero reason for a town!skrim to have posted thatSkrimiche,41,like i said, it was probably just them trying to crack a joke.

+ other people have done similar things in the thread. why havent you been going after them?TheHorla,42,hey guys remember 3 votes is actually nearly halfway to hammer lolGrones,43,Alas me hearties, the lass "Skrimiche" is but a scurvy landlubber stranded at sea, lost her mind.Skrimiche,44,where? i havent seen anyone else try to deflect suspicion off of themselves with a flimsy AtE excuse. if im wrong then go quote themMrEevee7,45,[vote] mito [/vote]Gikkle,46,look at this person, talking to themselves. Insanity!

Though, I myself don't actually have any idea whats going on. Where am I?Skrimiche,47,this is just a waste of time. i shouldnt have to hunt them down for you

[VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE] stop being hypocritical with your readsGikkle,48,[VOTE]MrEevee7[/VOTE]Skrimiche,49,annnnd there's the chainsaw defense! found another scum. [VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE]MrEevee7,50,Omgus
[Vote] gikkle [/vote]TheHorla,51,Skrim you're making me giggle lolSkrimiche,52,but you voted mito?Grones,53,ye be at sea, but that be already beknownst to ye, ye conspirator. Ye and that lass Skrimiche be pirates flying the jolly rodger on open seas!

[Vote] Gikkle [/vote]Skrimiche,54,oh wait i see
disregard silly ol meMrEevee7,55,[vote] grones [/vote]TheHorla,56,What the **** is that pfpMrEevee7,57,Are you townHunterC98,58,crunchitize me capn.

Wait, hows the quote thingie work if the click quote doesnt quote?Vizier,59,Groan

Skrim is confusing me.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,60,THEY COME TO THIS PLACE WHEN THEY KNOW THEY AREN'T PURE!TheHorla,61,
Who are you guys?Rorschach,62,Hunter
ArraTheHorla,63,I repeat the question.HunterC98,64,wazuuuuuuupRorschach,65,From Chucklefish. They're in the discord.Grones,66,Ye click th'reply button, ye freshwater politicianVizier,67,Poyo!TheHorla,68,aaaahhhhhHunterC98,69,oooooooooh...well what does the quote thingie do?Skrimiche,70,no

sorry ;-;TheHorla,71,:Waves:HunterC98,72,skrim is an adorable bat, i see no problems.Grones,73,All yer quotes be stowed away below decks, ye press "insert quotes" to rouse those lazy landlubbers and bring em to yer postMitochondria,74,more like
amiright fellas???Vizier,75,Amgry Poyo.HunterC98,76,ahh, gotcha, thank you!Grones,77,[vote] mito [/vote] this mitochondria science wizardry be black magic, a terrible omen from the heavens, take him to the plank!Azmimel,78,Hi friendsMitochondria,79,oh captain my captain, if you wish for me to die, then die I shall

[vote] Mito [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,80,I would be very suspicious about the votes nearly getting a hammer this time, but I remember this game runs smaller than what we’re used to.HunterC98,81,yeah....i'll call that pun a lynchable offense...
[Vote] mito [vote]Azmimel,82,Quick hammer mito?Mitochondria,83,do it you won't10000 Jelly Doughnuts,84,For future reference, you got to have the slash at the start of the second vote.

just in case that helpsAzmimel,85,No, cause I appreciate that game C gets to say mito is hereHunterC98,86,Ahh....whoops.
[Vote] mito [/vote]

Edit: just to say i properly voted.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,87,Fair enough, but do you have any reasoning why you did that in the first place beyond random voting?HunterC98,88,nothing beyond a sinful punAzmimel,89,Scum team

Eevee
Mito
Panda
SkrimGrones,90,Throwing jests to the wolves, methinks Gikkle and Skrim be conspirators, plotting vile mutiny!

This be a landlubber's shot at pretending not to know the wench, typical freshwater lies. Gikkle may be a scurvy bastard, but he's the eye of the crow's nest for wizardry, no use pretendin to be a fool. Away with them! 

[vote] Gikkle [/vote]Grones,91,Skrim be a vile, lying lass, a stowaway here for vile mutiny!Gikkle,92,I have literally no idea what you're saying.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,93,Scum team:

Grones
Mark
Panda
YouAzmimel,94,Yeah id be okay with that10000 Jelly Doughnuts,95,That would be a stacked team.Grones,96,More lies! Yar har har! Ye be foolin us to think yer heads filled with saltwater!Azmimel,97,Exactly, I wouldn't mind. Except Mark would get lynched too earlyGikkle,98,I admit it, it was a lie. I don't have "no" idea, since I did have SOME idea. I apologize for this horrible offense, second mate. But your pirate speech is confusing, so I don't quite understand what you're trying to say...Azmimel,99,Lynch all liars!

[Vote] gikkle [/vote]Rorschach,100,Before someone asks again.

The town/village win condition is to:
1. Survive
2. Remove all threats to town.Vizier,101,Aye, this is a mutiny capn. Hand over all the bananas and gunpowder.

[Vote] Grones [/vote]HunterC98,102,i vote we test the captain for scurvy.DAREALMoneyMan,103,There is an impostor among us, and he is ourselves

[vote]chucklenuts[/vote]TheHorla,104,Oh, since we're all talking funny:

Heyday ho

pleasen no lynch mesa. Grones isa mafia, mesa thinkHunterC98,105,i wont lie...i was very tempted to change my vote over for the jarjar talk10000 Jelly Doughnuts,106,[Vote]Mark[/Vote]
Jar Jar speaking should be a policy lynch.Red_Pandas,107,


Azmimel,108,I personally am a fan or itVizier,109,Die, they must. 

[Vote]Mark[/Vote]Mitochondria,110,Why?Azmimel,111,I dont think he's randomly accused someone based on gut yet, that's a big tellGrones,112,YE WRETCHED BABOON! I'LL HAVE YE AS SHARK FEED ERE THE WIND CHANGES! 
[vote] Vizier [/vote]Grones,113,I be a lying, murdering, pillaging captain, but no mafia ever lay in me bunk with me. Me hands be clean.Mitochondria,114,Eh, maybe, but I think Pi's been fine so far. The only Pi-adjacent post that I haven't liked thus far is this one from Gikkle:

And I really can't explain why. Something about the post's tone (too serious? too dismissive? idk) just rubbed me the wrong way when I was skimming through.Grones,115,Gut? Gut?! I'll gut ye like a fish, ye scallywag.HunterC98,116,fair thinking, but is that a tell?Mitochondria,117,The Gikkle post? Obviously it's too early to really tell but I think it could be, weirdly defensive or dismissive responses to anything that could be perceived as an attack definitely isn't uncommon scum behavior.Red_Pandas,118,ikr I am so goodRed_Pandas,119,I think pi's pirate talk is funny and therefore Pi is hard town
I will not listen to any opposing argumentGrones,120,That post by that wretched mutineer Gikkle mayhaps be the fruit of his heavens-imposed speech impediment. He be playing the part of a confused, sun-dazed landlubber, away at sea, and far from his lass, for far too long. Aye, I remember when I was but a wee lad aboard the HMS Bictory, just a wee deck swabber I was, a cabin boy. Sick to the guts!Red_Pandas,121,gikkle instant scum for no pirate speakGrones,122,Me first mate rises!Red_Pandas,123,anyways, [VOTE] Rorschach [/VOTE]
I really can't shake off the feeling that they've somehow orchestrated this all
what exactly they may be planning is beyond me, but I know they're up too somethingMitochondria,124,nah, he wasn't doing the confused act for his first three posts of the gameHunterC98,125,how many times were you told to scrub the poopdeck?Red_Pandas,126,Aye, captain!Rorschach,127,Quite a few times unfortunately. On his first day he took the name a little too literally...Mitochondria,128,this is a dumb speculation read, but i think there will be scum among the people with post modifiers (and if one flips scum, the other(s) are prob town)Red_Pandas,129,TMI??
No post modifiers are in sight I think this is tmi!!Mitochondria,130,based, you got meHunterC98,131,post modifiers?Mitochondria,132,pi's pirate posting, skrim's schizophrenia posting, maybe gikkle's confused postingMitochondria,133,Post modifiers are basically just any parts of a person's role that require them to format all their posts in a certain way.HunterC98,134,ahhhh, gotcha...Gikkle,135,I think I'm more hungry than confused, to be quite honest.Grones,136,Mayhaps she be a truly disturbed lass, afflicted by rot of the brain, not a "post-modifier"Grones,137,Me life at sea as a young cabin boy was torturous! But now I be the most feared pirate and used car salesman in the seven seas!Mitochondria,138,You didn't seem very hungry in these posts


Is there any way anyone can give you food to help you out?TheHorla,139,Nosa reason, me just needed sometten to sayen in disa amusen translatorGikkle,140,I don't have a post modifier, I think. I'm actually not really sure yet. We'll have to wait and see.Mitochondria,141,okay fair

i'm so sorryGrones,142,Mito smells afoul to me, alike a gutted fish left out to rot in the Sun. Only good to throw overboard! Mito ne'er defends a soul 'cept when he be a foul mutineer! He be seekin to put the cap'n in his trouser pockets! Hardy yar yar!TheHorla,143,It's okeedayMitochondria,144,hey i can be selfless HunterC98,145,oh? Do you have early automobiles? im a big fan of the older models...Gikkle,146,Well... There is ONE way... But you might not like it... You see, it involves human flesh...Grones,147,[unvote] [/unvote] 
Yar Marky! Is this be the way to unvote, to appease the god of the seas, "vote count bot"?Grones,148,Aye we carry anything a landlubber would desire in their dark, nasty, landlubber heartMitochondria,149,How much human flesh?Grones,150,The only powerhouse on this ship will be used combustion engines! Yar har!TheHorla,151,YesaHunterC98,152,oh good..ill have to come and do some perusing for anything of interest...Grones,153,Methinks Hunter be loyal to the cap'n. He be returnin to the high seas after years of being away, surely he be wary and lurking beneath the depths, if he were a mutineer! Timid, scouting the waters! But he be in the fray, fighting with his cutlass like the best of us!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,154,I didn’t even consider Pi’s posting to be a restriction, I just thought he was like that this game.

I may be stupid, lol.

But anyway, I don’t think restrictions are AI at all, I can’t see mito’s argument tbh.Gikkle,155,Well... The exact amount remains to be seen.Gikkle,156,I thought we were just doing this for fun, to be honest.TheHorla,157,Me'm finden disa so fun dat me think me'm goen to keep it tup.Grones,158,It be no restriction! I be struck down by the heavens with this curse, but I will become more power than you could possibly imagine!






Yar har, I drifted to the wrong franchise, for a moment there lads. The sun and years at sea be taking a toll on this cap'n's mind.Grones,159,Away with ye, ShylockVizier,160,What if I need a new ship?Grones,161,Take yerself to the shipyards then, ye scurvy dog! This cap'n sells only used cars!HunterC98,162,i be a little rusty with my sword, more akin to my pistols and muskets..10000 Jelly Doughnuts,163,Did my car’s warranty expire yet?Grones,164,O not yet, no lass! But ye must be here for yer car's extended warranty! For a mere 9000 gold pieces, yer vehicle be warranted and safe to ride the streets of Port Royal for years (two years) to come! Ah! To the plank with years! Fork over yer firstborn and yer car be warranted for a decade!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,165,Sorry, my firstborn has a contractual obligation already.HunterC98,166,ooooh, is that the new payment method?Grones,167,Damn that thieving Rumplestiltskin! That scurvy dog! Freshwater kleptomaniac! Stealing me customers!Red_Pandas,168,technically my role pm never said what alignment I am so I may be scumSkrimiche,169,explain owoSkrimiche,170,sussy
[VOTE]Red_Pandas[/VOTE]Grones,171,
Scarrrrred arrrre ya?MrEevee7,172,Sadly no
I dont think any one of those is actually a post modifier tbh except maybe pi
When u claim neutral:
[vote] panda [/vote]MrEevee7,173,If you can prove you arent neutral evil you can stay alive for nowCjBeats,174,IM ALIVE.
IM KICKIN. 
I AM HERE.

I get to play with Mito uwu, how exciting. And my boy arra, who I shall defend with my life.


mfw10000 Jelly Doughnuts,175,That’s concerning10000 Jelly Doughnuts,176,Sadge, CJ forgets about me and Pi.CjBeats,177,Fear not my good jelly, I have not forgotten thee. I simply never play with the boy arra so it brings me much joy and excitement. OHO AND THE HUNT IS HERE TOO WHAT A GLORIOUS DAY. THIS GAME SHALL BE A SPLENDID GAME OF CAMARADERIE AND BETRAYAL.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,178,You mean trolling at an advanced level?CjBeats,179,I do not understand what you mean by that my good Jelly.Vizier,180,
Mh. No like.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,181,Oh. You will 

Gut, based on nothing, read: Gikkle town.Red_Pandas,182,yeah
well im obviously not neutral, because im mafia.
yeah maybeSkrimiche,183,i thought you said you didn't know your alignmentRed_Pandas,184,yeah but I got the mafia chat so im good nowSkrimiche,185,oh okay sweetSkrimiche,186,hey now wait just a diddily darn second here

did it not say your alignment in the title of your pm??Red_Pandas,187,I mean who knows, I COULD be a secret hidden neutral in the mafia chatRed_Pandas,188,why
why would it
be in the title?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,189,Pandas obvious jester?Vizier,190,Jesters win if they die by vote...Right?Red_Pandas,191,tbh I kind of think this is some sort of scum slip 
I dont know exactly how that would work but im sure thats not how the pms workRed_Pandas,192,I agree10000 Jelly Doughnuts,193,Yes. And Machine's a fan of the original jester that kills everyone else when they die.Red_Pandas,194,that sounds really exciting tbh I think you guys should vote me10000 Jelly Doughnuts,195,Nah, we'll NK you instead 

Someone's a vig, right?Skrimiche,196,@10000 Jelly Doughnuts is your alignment in the title of your pm/file?

sure it is!Azmimel,197,I don’t think we should lynch pandas today, but we should just shoot him. 10000 Jelly Doughnuts,198,It's just labeled 'Game C' and has the role contained within. 

Although I notice a lot of spelling and grammar errors within the file, so I think machine was in a rush or something. Dunno. What's it like for everyone else?Skrimiche,199,inb4 he made them all different so people couldn't cheese the gameSkrimiche,200,oh i see
i meant the name of your role pm file, not the hypixel pmAzmimel,201,are you that nervous about a joke post? don’t like that :3
That’s a good point.

Skrim/Gikkle/Mark/Pi

do any of you actually have a post modifier or are you just joking?Azmimel,202,we all made the pms so that would be NAI anyway

also don’t feel like we should be doing this to solve the game : (Red_Pandas,203,I haven't checked my file
ohh that makes much more senseMrEevee7,204,You know town isnt called mafia this game right?
Didnt machine say there are no jesters?Azmimel,205,maybe his post modifier is that he has to lie all the time? can’t see how this would be a good jester play. It’s way too obvious; I think something else has to be going on here.MrEevee7,206,You requested machine for a normal role pm tho so you dont have a file10000 Jelly Doughnuts,207,Lmao probably.
TBH, that's a pretty scummy thing to say. I've not seen town non-ironically say that.
Machine said that *anything* could be on the rolelist afaik. I could have misread the rules, but I think he said earlier that anything goes.Skrimiche,208,why would i be nervous because of you  

re: post modifier - joke

what do you suggest instead then
cause i dont have anything elseGrones,209,Aye me heartie! I be a cap'n and a used car salesman! Yarrrr!Skrimiche,210,why are we assuming people have post modifiers and using that to determine alignments/roles .-.Grones,211,Yarrr ye be a rude wench, ye be speakin to Mel10000 Jelly Doughnuts,212,Even if Pi has a post restriction, he's having too much fun and I love it. Lock town for wholesomeness.Azmimel,213,Idk, you’re the one who asked me to explain reads made during RVS. Why ask me to explain these reads and not the other one I made after it?? 
there were enough people acting like they had post modifiers that I thought it was a possibility.

remember pi’s worldeater role?Azmimel,214,heyyy do you have a post modifier or nah?Grones,215,It be a fool's errand to affix our spyglasses on th'heavens-cursed speeches. It be the gods playing a jest on ourrrrrr lives! Next scurvy rat to say a worrrrrd gets to be a man overrboarrrd!HunterC98,216,am i a joke to you?HunterC98,217,Redeemed. All is forgiven.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,218,Everytime I read your signature, I want a burger. Dang you.Grones,219,Avast me hearties! The signature be needin an update!Azmimel,220,do you like our pfp?? i picked it out please compliment me Azmimel,221,can’t dislike posts yet : (Skrimiche,222,for anyone else who was wondering if this was actually true or not:
///////
ily mel but my point still stands xoxo

duh, because i only care about things regarding me. uwu

i think the odds of another post modified worldeater are too low to give significant thought to atmAzmimel,223,love u too 
You ask why I thought post modifiers could be indicative of alignment/role and that was my first thought. my point is that if they are real we shouldn’t brush them to the side.Grones,224,th'signaturrrre be amended forrrr th'high seas!Skrimiche,225,ehh
i still dont think theyre important (or at least not something to be focusing on for today). only one person (grones) could be argued to have one. what does that tell you?Grones,226,It be tellin ye I be th'cap'n and ye best be harkening to 'im lest ye wish t'be a wench strrrranded on BarbadosCjBeats,227,uWu panda-kun open wolfing, what a glorious day! This game will be as easy as taking a baby away from their candy!

[vote]Panda[/vote]Scythe,228,ayieh10000 Jelly Doughnuts,229,Oh?
Yes, I do! I really could go for some pasta right now, not going to lie
CJ using uWu unirionically is scaryMrEevee7,230,pandas is definitely scum, but if they are a jester we should probably be careful about lynching them. 
[unvote] [/unvote]MrEevee7,231,it gets worse when you realize
a. they dont have a file
b. they said they already read their role and it didnt say their alignment.Skrimiche,232,coward! [vote]red_pandas[/vote]Grones,233,I be thinkin this speech talk be a waste of ourrrrr voyageGrones,234,Ye ruffians be speakin of a jester
10000 Jelly Doughnuts,235,
^
Specific beats general, and if someone had something in their PM saying they differed from the rules, that takes the reigns.CjBeats,236,Doth thou fellows really think the machine would throw a jester in this here game? Nay, panda-kun is quite simply a wolf who scumsclipped. Tis the only logical explanation for his actions, say I.Gikkle,237,I claim jesterGrones,238,Gikkle be a fine tarrrrget t'send overrrrboarrrd methinks10000 Jelly Doughnuts,239,why the hell are you doing weeb shakespeare speak?Grones,240,This be the second Shakespeare rrrrreference on this ship! A coincidence?Azmimel,241,It was the first thing I noticed when I read up this morning, so that's why I asked a question about it. Red pandas being jester feels a little too easy for me. Why was he being so obviously scummy?? That's why I suggested an alternate theory: a post modifier. But it's just that, a theory.


I don't know what it tells us because I don't know that much yet. I was just curious as to why some people were acting like they had one. Could be important in the future though.Azmimel,242,pandas rating one of my posts funny feels like a punch to the gut tbhGikkle,243,the alignment is in the title right
tbh I missed that completely and just thought "village #" was something to just describe me, not my alignment. My actual role pm doesn't have my alignment so I didn't know I was town until I asked for my win con an hour later lol.

So maybe pandas is telling the truth and since there is no title machine can change in the pms sent by panda he just had a role pm with no alignmentRed_Pandas,244,I may be dumb, but I'm not stupid
no I really haven't, machine told me my role in the pm
I think machine had given me a file already when I asked for a normal pm
yeah that's true
ew CJ saying uwu instant scum [VOTE] Cjbeats [/VOTE]
scum jest?
how does not having a file make it worse
and I got my alignment now im pretty sure it was just an error that I foundRed_Pandas,245,I reaaaaaally want to do funny talk somehow but I cant think of anythingHunterC98,246,hmmm....i say we give the man what he wants, what do you all say?
[vote] Gikkle [/vote]Red_Pandas,247,I find it really funny that I've managed to get myself almost consensus scum read by doing random RVS jokes

no, I am not going to stop.Azmimel,248,are you seriously going to write this off as RVS? fmlGikkle,249,consensus? By like 4 people?Gikkle,250,It's still RVS in my heartAzmimel,251,;-; I'm so confused right nowCjBeats,252,Who knows why any of us do anything in this accursed world?

let us look at thee panda-kun. An experienced member of this here mafia party. Are we to truly believe the man is a dumbfounded idiot? He is not! Panda-kun is an intellectual who scumslipped as his pms are different than our own! Tis the only logical explanation for senpai’s actions!Red_Pandas,253,yes, I will
tbh though the jokes did kinda suck
yeah pretty muchCjBeats,254,Let me enlighten thee. RVS means random voting sycle. You are welcome!Gikkle,255,Town members can't win after dying
Thus town and mafia will be equally scared of getting lynched
Anyone who acts like they are okay with being lynched is a liarCjBeats,256,Hunter me pal! What is thine experience with the game of mafia as we play now?Red_Pandas,257,Im pretty sure mine is the same as everyone else's but coolCjBeats,258,Did ye not ask the machine senpai for a role pm different then our own?


and yet, you my dear Gik claimed jester! Hmmmm suspicious!Red_Pandas,259,yeah I dont actually have a file
just checked
I had one for game A but then I moved to game C
so my alignment technically wasn't anywhere in my PM before machine added itAzmimel,260,I get what you're saying, but I also don't understand why he wouldn't have just questioned machine privately until he understood his role. Why does he benefit from announcing that he has no alignment in his role pm?? What does that do for him?? 


if it was a joke it was a terrible one. 


Oh, CJ, you are a saucy boy!Red_Pandas,261,yeah kind of?
it was just asking for my role in the pm instead of in the file
technicallyyyyy it wasn't a joke 
but I did announce it ironicallyCjBeats,262,Perhaps the machine senpai made an Oopsie woodsie? Could it be!? Is our senpai incompetent??CjBeats,263,There was once a saying back in the day of mine from whence I was born! Comedy is subjective! Terrible jokes are still jokes my dearest Azimel!Grones,264,This be a revealing day, we thrrrow Gikkle orr Skrrrim overboard! Hunterrr, Panda, and Cj arrrrre loyal to the cap'n, forrrr cerrtain!Red_Pandas,265,im afraid soCjBeats,266,And did the machine senpai give you your request in the different role pm?Grones,267,[vote] gikkle [/vote]CjBeats,268,Alas, perhaps we should lynch him instead! Oh what a great sacrifice we must make for our panda-Kun!!Grones,269,Cj ye best stop discussin rrrrrole PMs lest ye appearrr as a conspirator mutineerrrr t'me, thrrrowin the discussion overrrboardCjBeats,270,Enlighten me my dearest cap’n-kun, what is the problem with mistress Skrimiche on this day?Grones,271,[vote]cj[/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,272,I. I.

I'm intimidated. I won't lie.CjBeats,273,My curiosity shan’t be quenched, not even by my dearest cap’n-kun.Grones,274,She be talkin amiss, and I be seeing a vile connection betwixt herrr and th'GikkleRed_Pandas,275,can confirm
yeah I think machine Lynch would be a good idea
yesCjBeats,276,Oh to switch so fast in the heart of thee! What a glorious mind you possess!Azmimel,277,
hmmmm ok10000 Jelly Doughnuts,278,




Pi's reversal of his opinions is well within his normal town meta, I think. Therefore, I will say that Pi is a high TR of mine, and would rather not want him lynched.CjBeats,279,Then chalk it up to nothing more than a miscommunication! Non-alignment indicative say I!

[unvote][/unvote]
It is settled!


my dearest jelly! I am playing most seriously in my heart!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,280,This is 1000000000% cursed.Azmimel,281,I don't like how quickly you accepted that. Where did your certainty go?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,282,


HunterC98,283,uhhh....lets see..last time i played was...what? 5'ish years ago?HunterC98,284,appreciate the vote of confidence cap!Grones,285,Jelly be using jests t'avoid exposing herrrrself as a vile mutineer?Azmimel,286,this feels like the complete opposite of how she was last game, so I'm kinda ok with it,Grones,287,Arghhhhh10000 Jelly Doughnuts,288,Nah, I just wanted to make memes. That's all. I would say that I'd stop doing them, but that would be a lie, because they're funny. 

[Vote]Cj/Vote]

Something pings me about him, he feels wishywashy.

ANd yea, pi's that way too, but he's usually that way as town.Grones,289,Panda be town, no throwin o'erboard, cap'n's orderrs10000 Jelly Doughnuts,290,I disagree with him being town, but agree with not lynching. Hopefully we have a TK that can handle the jester.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,291,because I don't see scum pandas or town pandas being this way tbh.HunterC98,292,i feel too scrambled to make a fair assumption here.

cap'n seems busy being the spitting image of a proper town seafarer.

gikkle seems to be pure chaos.

cj seems awful authoritative, though that could be chalked up with trying to make up for missing some talk time.

jelly seems to be alright so far, a pinch quiet but i dunno how she plays to make a concern of that.

azmimel is either staying very quiet and stoking flames or just unavailable most often.Azmimel,293,Maybe if you explain the connection between Gikkle and Skrim I'd explain my read :3


He's either village idiot or neutral imoGrones,294,Let's brrring out the rum and play a game below decks! All ye scalleywag excuses for sailors, bellow out the scummiest, most treacherous words ye can


The cap'n'll begin

I be so disappointed I be a loyal one this voyage, I be hopin t'be a treacherous mutineer, but the gods declarrre me loyal to me post, th'CAP'NRed_Pandas,295,I feel like I probably would be dumb enough to make these jokes as bothAzmimel,296,the only reason why I could imagine anyone saying this is because they want to be lynched.Azmimel,297,trying to chat with my hydra partner :3MrEevee7,298,hes still lying about not checking the file, as he claims he doesnt have a file later on
so you knew your alignment, so why did you say you didnt?
scum != mafia, it just is evil roles. so jester would be scum as it makes town lose in the case that it is lynched
because you said you didnt read your file, but if you dont have it thats just an obvious lie that you didnt read it.HunterC98,299,aaah...yes that is a thing, my bad.Red_Pandas,300,eh
that doesn't mean I'm lying though, if I dont have a file then I didnt read it?
so it's still true
my alignment was never in the PM before I made the joke about it
after that machine added it
technically I didn't
I dont think jester is even in the game since everyones win-con is to stay alive and defeat the other faction iirc
but that means it's true??
also I did think I had a file
my memory is bad and its not something I thought was importantCjBeats,301,Twas explained away by the panda-kun! My certainty was replaced by uncertainty before being uprisen by a new kind of certainty!
Then ye are but a bab who I shall protect henceforth!


Is coming to an understanding wishy washy my dearest jelly? It is not!MrEevee7,302,no one says "i didnt read my book!!!" if they dont have a book. you were clearly trying to make an excuse for "not knowing your alignment"
ah yes, what a great reason to be town. "my memory is bad"

guys i claim scum!!!!
wait no my memory is bad im actually town!!!Grones,303,9 times out o'10, when ye landlubbers be assured and confident ye caught a scumslip rrrrelatin' t'role PMs, ye be sorrrely mistaken. This be a useless arrrrrgument made by lazy landlubberrrsRed_Pandas,304,as said previously, at the time I thought I had a file 
I never tried to make it an argument that I was was town but sure
I was literally just stating that I had mis-remembered it
also me claiming that I was mafia is the most obvious joke in history10000 Jelly Doughnuts,305,Rum? Rum?

Honestly: scum doesn't usually tend to say that they wished they rolled scum. It's a town move in my experience. Or at least I think so. Pi just keeps on being more townie somehow.
No one read the rules closely enough and it shows.
This is 100% cursed why am I in this game, I should suffer in the nexus instead why why why why whyRed_Pandas,306,im dumb be patient with meSkrimiche,307,pg 13 atm
[vote]CjBeats[/vote]HunterC98,308,okay, lemme be the first to come to the question, do we lynch off of all the nonsense in an attempt to knock out a bad guy or let time pass and use abilities to try and find stuff out?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,309,In most games, town tries to lynch everyday due to the information gained from the flip and the potential mafia member dead.

Here it may be less advisable because a lynch on someone is an automatic 'you lose' thing, so I feel like people are more hesitant this time.DAREALMoneyMan,310,I do not like that you are attempting to brush off his actions via of setup speculationGikkle,311,[VOTE]No-Lynch[/VOTE]
When's the last time we had a d1 no lynch? :3HunterC98,312,soooo keep yapping till someone slips?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,313,Based!
[Vote]No-Lynch[/Vote]
Yep, you got it. Eventually someone will vote dumb, pressures build and then scum slipping happens!CjBeats,314,Oh Gikkle-Chan, you wild man! Perhaps once I would’ve joined you on your quest to lynch not a soul, but alas, I have come to realize the benefit of lynching a person day 1. To not do so would be an inservice to the game!HunterC98,315,aye aye cap-errr...jelly.Vizier,316,You seem...Rather. 

Dead-set on lynching.CjBeats,317,And you aren’t my dearest Arra?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,318,I'm waiting for the time CJ says 'you saucy boy' unironically. 

I think I woke up in the twilight zoneSkrimiche,319,what if they just dont care about losing :3

im down
[vote]Skrimiche[/vote]

gikkle is quaking in his bootsVizier,320,Not particularly. I really wouldn't want more company.Grones,321,Arrrgh! Based! 
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Grones,322,Land ho!Grones,323,Argh! I meant @CjBeats10000 Jelly Doughnuts,324,CJ is a farming instrument?Grones,325,He'll be farmin votes 'ere the tide changes10000 Jelly Doughnuts,326,Also: weird thought: what if dead players were still in the game somehow.

Seems very weird that Machine would just ban dead chat and giving the rolelist.

Maybe there could be revivers. Idk, just seems odd to me.HunterC98,327,That could be interesting, but then the question is, what extent of knowledge would they come back with?Grones,328,The dead souls be sent away from Davy Jones locker because all 3 worlds be connected, methinks.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,329,The same bit of when they were dead, I think.
most assuredly there’s a connection.HunterC98,330,Which makes sense of the snippet of not revealing roles.HunterC98,331,guess playing it safe would be the smart thing to do..
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Grones,332,If ye were bettin yer life on it, which of these ruffians would ye wager is a mutineer?HunterC98,333,if i was to wager my doubloons against a soul, i would say one of the quieter ones...likely mito. just don't have enough to go off of to make a safe assumption.Grones,334,Aye! Mito be a treacherous cabin boy, but for other reasons.

Speakin of quiet ruffians, lurkin under the sea,
@DAREALMoneyManHunterC98,335,i wanted to ask about him but wasnt sure if i just didnt know his name he used.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,336,Explain?TheHorla,337,I don't 100% understand the pandas situation, but I learned the hard way last game that most of the time, "scumslips" related to PMs and formatting are usually just people getting confused.

Let me see if I read this right:
- pandas got his role in a PM, not a file
- the text of the PMs doesn't contain a wincon
- since you can't edit the title of a PM, machine forgot to tell pandas his alignment
- pandas noticed this, made a joke out of it
- people didn't realize that pandas wouldn't have known his alignment from his file title, since he got his role as a PM
Explaining away behaviour as a post modifier is bad logic and scummy. If we want to argue that player such and such is "obviously scummy" because of a "post modifier", we might as well hang up our towels and go home here.
Eevee is way too confident here for my liking.
Disappointed in gikkle for speaking sense here and not using this prime reaction fish opportunity.Azmimel,338,yea, but I also don't like the fact that he's trying to write it off as an RVS joke. I wouldn't lynch him either way, but I certainly don't think he's towny.
Not attempting to brush his actions off. I'm trying to figure out on earth he would inform us (apparently as a joke) that he had no alignment in his role pm. It was just a theory . I personally don't see scum or town doing that in any situation.Azmimel,339,I think they are, specifically because of this quote from the rules for game C
Grones,340,Mito be a snake charmer, a silverrrr-tongued succubus


Across the 7 seas, I've always known this landlubber to be a rotten soul from the malbolge. He be a seducer, a liar, a flatterer, a two faced duplicitous freshwater politician!

His treacherous mutiny sails on
He be a sower of deceit, he sets our ship along the wrong course, subtly like the Majesty's snake charmer he be.Grones,341,What be the cabin boy's agenda?Skrimiche,342,[VOTE]MrEevee7[/VOTE]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,343,Mmm, I disagree, but there's probably no reason to be setup speculating
Okay other than being a dnd monster, what did Mito do?
Why?HunterC98,344,i shall kick back and watch this show unfold til i have anything interesting or thoughtful to add.Azmimel,345,oh sorry i should've been more specific on which part. I think dead players will still have an impact on the game. I have no clue about revivers.TheHorla,346,Am... I the cabin boy? Or eevee?Azmimel,347,this is the second time you've voted a person pi has put under some sort of pressure with no explanation.Grones,348,Review th'rest o'me post, illiterate wenchTheHorla,349,Where did pi pressure eevee?Grones,350,Eevee, that dogMitochondria,351,I agree with Mark's take on the Panda situation. Don't fully understand what their confusion was and honestly don't care enough about this discussion line to spend the brainpower figuring it out, but odds are more likely they got confused and communicated their confusion poorly rather than them being scum that we caught right away.

I'm also mindmelding with Mark on his Eevee take (shows up, tunnels Panda, then dips; I especially didn't like the post he made asking Panda to "prove he's not neutral evil," it's a weirdly specific thing to ask for), but I'm super uncomfy with Skrim's naked vote on him and the underlying feeling that thread consensus is quickly shifting against Eevee. Quick shifts in thread consensus generally indicate that the target's town.

I'm not sure if I dislike this post because a) I'm annoyed that we're already starting our discussion about how Mito not living in the thread = scum (in which case this post is NAI and I'm just being emotional) or b) it's scummy that I get specifically called out despite the majority of the game having done nothing thus far.

Pi's read on me is bad and he should feel bad, but I like his play so far.

Pi and Mark feel town, sans the post I called out above I've been liking Hunter, Skrim's kinda weirding me out so light scumread, I guess scumread on Eevee too but I don't think Skrim/Eevee is a scum pair.Grones,352,And where be th'first time?TheHorla,353,@Azmimel are either of you ABBA fans? (Based on your signature, just wondering)10000 Jelly Doughnuts,354,ah okay yea.
I did, you threw out spicy insults and then refused to elaborate more lolGrones,355,I'll hang ye from th'highest mast with yer own innardsMitochondria,356,I'll sink ye ship before I hangAzmimel,357,oops I mixed up you and grones. But the point should still stand. She's voted people that others have put under pressure with no explanation. 
Don't know about azmine, but I sure am.Grones,358,He be seekin a pocketed sailor, and he be veering us off course, distracting us like a Siren's cry!TheHorla,359,An hour ago I impulsively scumread him for it, but:
- good chance eevee is confused as well
- scumhunting is good, considering that it'd be easy for scum to sit back and chill right now
- I agree with mito that a shifting consensus that eevee is scum is in general indicative that eevee is town (particularly considering that he's often considered an easy lynch)Grones,360,


HunterC98,361,fair, i may not have said it well, the second half of the message was supposed to be me saying i am not fully capable to make a firm guess because i don't have anything to compare it against.CjBeats,362,You are doing amazing my dearest sweet huntie-Chan.

Let us move forward on our conversation from the mister panda-kun! It shan’t get us anywhere doddling on about it! When does this here fine day end?Grones,363,@CjBeatsHunterC98,364,Day 1 ends tomorrow at....7:45 PM i believe?Mitochondria,365,If Pi or Hunter flips scum, I think it's decently likely the other flips scum as well. They've been pretty buddy-buddy all game (meta is fairly useless, but as a point of comparison from playing scum with Pi before, I remember he's not big on bussing teammates) and I'm still weirded out by Hunter shading me without committing to a Mito scumread stance and then backpedalling a bit when I responded (builds support for Pi's read without him really sticking his neck out there).

@CjBeats-kun uwu, what do you think of things so far?CjBeats,366,Such a long day, oh me oh my! Thank you dearest cap’n-Chan. I shall love you long time.Grones,367,One of these cabin boys will walk the plank, ere the day is done! E'eryone else aboard this ship be safe!Grones,368,Yer a bold oneMitochondria,369,Being controversial is fun Grones,370,LiberrrrralsCjBeats,371,I think things are just downright fascinating in this here game! A glorious tale of whodunnit taking place upon our doorstep!
I know not the reasoning on why people are scumming the Eevee-weevee, so I could use an explanation, but beyond that there confusion I do so believe the cap’n-Chan is a good lad. Huntie-wuntie-kun is newish, so I shall protect him for now. I do so believe that talking about panda-kun as we have done so much is becoming nothing more than a waste of time. That moment has passed. I would like to hear more from my dearest arra! A delightful, beautiful, man!Grones,372,Aye?Mitochondria,373,Very wholesome post but oh so very safe! Gimme something spicy, what's your hottest take about the game right now?CjBeats,374,My dearest jelly is a sneaky, sniveling, conniving devil bent on seeing this dearest world of ours burn to the ground upon which we stand!Mitochondria,375,Now we're cooking, how come?HunterC98,376,i was asked who i thought could be scummy and answered off of what i had...which still aint much...Mitochondria,377,That's fair - and to be clear, I've generally liked your posts thus far - but the point still stands. Wishywashy reads are never a good look because they're commonly used by scum to set up mislynches and erode the town's trust in other townies without the scum player needing to commit to the read or lead the lynch (both of which look bad when the target flips town).10000 Jelly Doughnuts,378,[JOKEVOTE]JELLY[JOKEVOTE]

oh god, everyone's doing weeb shakespeare and pirate speak. Get me outta here


---
I can see a wolf eevee, but I'm hesistant because he's LHF and I feel like I could be misdirected.

It's very weird cash hasn't spoken at all, but I don't think that's AI.

CJ feels... off for some reason, maybe the restriction is throwing me off, but it feels like some serious misdirection in his posts.CjBeats,379,Despite being how one may say active, she is too concerned with how people say things instead of they say! No notable contributions have come forth from her blessed heart, and I find that odd for someone of her stature and expertise!CjBeats,380,Right as I say such words she comes with the spice, oh my! Misdirection in what way my dear friend?HunterC98,381,alrighty, ill be sure to keep that in mind.Grones,382,Indra moment 


(Argh)Grones,383,Cj vs Jelly be a fool's errand, akin t'searching for the fountain o'youthCjBeats,384,Then consider me a fool, cause this one errand that I just must run! My curious heart shan’t be quenched until I do!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,385,Let me go through your posts real quick and find what sort of bothered me. It's very possible it's not your fault and I'm in shock from the PR.CjBeats,386,I shall await patiently with pounding enthusiasm for your return!MrEevee7,387,idk about anyone else but it says right in my file what my alignment is, not just the title of it. so machine shouldve still told him his alignment regardless of whether or not it was in a normal pm. i assumed this meant he was neutral as normally neutral just comes with the roll and no statement of alignment
and then he started talking about his file, which seemed scummy to me as he shouldnt have one based on his request, and he also said he didnt read his file, which would be a pointless post to make if he had read his pm where his role should have been, so id assumed it was again, a lie.Azmimel,388,First post I could find related to his interactions with Pandas.





Eevee remembered that Pandas asked for his role in a PM instead of a file, and then fixates on Pandas saying he did not open his file where his role was because that shouldn't have been a possibility for Pandas. 

I feel like it's way too easy to scum read Eevee based on just his interactions with Pandas (which are the only significant ones he's had), especially since Pandas was creating confusion, which is not a townie thing to do.

Right now it's low-hanging fruit, and I'd like to see more from Eevee before I actually consider him to be a lynch target.

@MrEevee7 whatcha feeling right now?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,389,The hard part is that I do have issues with telling jokes and such over text. The post modifier is making it really difficult to tell if you're sincere or just playing it up. I try to keep it in mind, but you do seem to be trying to pocket people.
And then you make the argument that there was a scum slip despite not knowing anything about the format of the roles, especially because I can't really find an example PM anywhere that would justify the reason. Pandas was weird, but this is a confusing game.

Although saying you've never read your PM (pandas) is scummy, so that's agreeable
With Hunter
Hunter again, and then you were enlightened, but it reads to me like you thought this was a dead end thing.
Pi.

And well, you seem to have an odd relationship with Mito too, the 'spiciest takes' feels very forced to me.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,390,Spicy take: Neither Eevee nor Pandas should be in the lynch pool today.Azmimel,391,I'm okay with a no-lynch, but I want Skrim to explain why she voted CJ and Eevee.Grones,392,


Red_Pandas,393,setup spec good, this argument is not valid
that's pretty much right
I can get thinking pi has one but me being a bit confusing definitely =/= post mod
if anything its very normal for me to be confusing10000 Jelly Doughnuts,394,You know, when it feels like everyone's trying to pocket you, no one is. But there are like three people who did click agree on a lot of my posts recently.

EDIT: removed 'let me check' idk why I put that there.Azmimel,395,yeah, I got a little overeager thinking about post modifiers. 
I thought you didn't like CJ? Where are you on that?TheHorla,396,Why are you bringing up a no lynch so early?Azmimel,397,because three people have voted for a no-lynch so farAzmimel,398,just checked vote count, it's actually fourTheHorla,399,It just feels super weird to preface that question with that statementAzmimel,400,I mean if skrim doesn't explain her votes well then I won't be ok with a no-lynch.Vizier,401,
I swear I heard someone roll in their grave with that joke. Absolutely sickening.HunterC98,402,Sorry, that was me.Grones,403,
Grones,404,@TheHorla a used car for your thoughts?CjBeats,405,Me and mito-Chan’s relationship is one of resounding love, but that does not mean I would like to pocket. Alas, I know not the heart of Mito-Chan, so I cannot say anything about him! As for the other laddies you mentioned, I simple wish to protect huntie-wuntie on this first day as he has not played in many a moon. And is it wrong to love my cap’n-Chan for telling me when day ends? I think not! But that is the only reason I said such things, so i find it a stretch if you think that’s me trying to pocket the dear lad.

And one does know the format of a role pm, or at the very least one should! After all, we all received one from the machine senpai!TheHorla,406,Null on everyone except gikkle (light town for speaking up for panda) and lean scum on skrimiche for voting eevee.HunterC98,407,to be fair, a lot of what eevee has to say is either voting or straight calling folks out, not that i agree against him but it is something to keep aware of.Skrimiche,408,
i have my reasons, and if i dont make them public then that is also for a reason. :s

i dont think he is?

gimme a bit

scary ;-;Grones,409,Eevee be a mighty sailor, no LHF 
He be no mutineer, ne'erthelessGrones,410,Who ye be wagering be the mutineer, then?DAREALMoneyMan,411,Alas I am binging Ted lasso, I will probably be done with the season by the end of the day so I’ll do things then (TM)Skrimiche,412,also i voted cj because he had stinky energy but i dont feel like pushing him rnRed_Pandas,413,relatableAzmimel,414,Other head popping in! It's cause (you're his scum buddy) : )Skrimiche,415,prove it busterTheHorla,416,Maybe skrim and azmimel?TheHorla,417,To expand on this a bit: azmimel made some really poor attacks on panda (the whole pm speculation bit was bad, thinking that he had a post modifier that made him always lie was scummy, reading him as jester was scummy, not considering that he may have been a bit confused (and that he was telling the truth that he didn't know his alignment at the beginning) was scummy.)

Skrim naked voted eevee after I attacked them is scum-indicative, and mel immediately criticizing them (and afterwards weakly pressuring skrim) feels a bit more like scum distancing than actual scumhunting.Azmimel,418,Pandas came out and said that he did not have an alignment in his role pm, and then later claimed mafia. He did not claim that he was joking until later. That was confusing to me. I saw absolutely no reasoning for town or scum to have made that move, so I assumed he was a neutral who wanted to die. I don’t think that’s scummy.

I never speculated above role pms. In fact, I was very against it. I did speculate a bit about post modifiers, and yeah, I’ll admit I fixated on it a bit too much, but I was trying to figure out why on earth he would’ve decided to share all of this information with us instead of dming machine and figuring it out, which is what I would’ve done, and post modifiers were on my mind because of the earlier discussion. Was it a poor decision to setup speculate so early on? Probably. Is it alignment indicative? Probably not.

I don’t know why you think my argument against skrim has been weak. I haven’t voted her, that’s true, but I didn’t want to vote anyone until I discussed it with my partner.

this is the only post I made about role pms.MrEevee7,419,Idk tbh but i feel like some of the ppl on my wagon are scummy
Why? That's just straight up an anti town line of thought.Skrimiche,420,anti town? like an anti hero? sickSkrimiche,421,+ no it isnt

machine if by some miracle youre reading this i hate you for the no edit ruleRed_Pandas,422,I can see that, kind ofRed_Pandas,423,its been in mafia games like foreverSkrimiche,424,

Spoiler: cj stink pg 13









Skrimiche,425,yeah but normally i can edit in my afterthoughts when i post
now i have to double post and it's annoying for people trying to catch up TheHorla,426,There's a whole bunch to unpack here:
- if someone claims mafia, it's obviously a joke
- jokes are a thing, and don't necessarily imply that someone wants to die.
- I think it's scummy to read into his behaviour this much
- Making assumptions about the veracity of panda's claim that machine forgot to state his alignment is inherently PM speculation
- Re: why panda shared the info: when I read his posts, I found it funny that machine forgot to give him his alignment; that you didn't consider (or pretended to not consider) that he shared it because mod errors are funny is scummy.
- I didn't say that the post modifier speculation was scummy because it's setup speculation (but good point there, I guess that's one more reason to scumread you!). Your comment was scummy because trying to explain player behaviour by post-speculation ("they are lying/acting off because of mod instructions") is not a townie line of reasoning.
- Your argument against skrim is so far weak because I find it unpursuasive.Rorschach,427,*unpersuasiveGrones,428,Jokes aint always jokes arghhhSkrimiche,429,FIGHT ME YOU COWARDRorschach,430,Sure.
Skrim has been modkilled.

I win.

Skrim has been reinstated into the game.MrEevee7,431,How is it notTheHorla,432,What are you saying here?Azmimel,433,





1) From my point of view, we were out of RVS/the banter stage. Pandas said he thought it would be exciting if people voted him. That implies he wants to die.
2) He didn’t clear up that it was a joke until 30-45 minutes after, and during that time he was a major topic of discussion. The majority of players on at the time believed him to be a jester. He didn’t clear it up immediately even though he was online, which I found weird.
3) You’re telling me it’s suspicious to analyze a player I found scummy at the time? 


My argument was not about PM speculation because I was questioning why he shared the information with us. I was confused because I would’ve asked machine instead of sharing it with the rest of the players in the game. Because of this, I thought it might be a ploy to make himself seem suspicious and therefore get voted.





Proof that I never once speculated about what was actually in his PM, just that I wondered why he actually did it.


Once again, I didn’t understand why Pandas was sharing the information with us. So I tried to figure out why. Two things came into my mind. Jester, which was a common answer among the online players, and a post modifier. I thought of a post modifier because of what I’d been thinking about before with you, grones, skrim, and Gikkle.


My argument against Skrim is her votes with absolutely nothing to back them up. I made that point before you did, you just dedicated an entire post to it. Do you not find your own argument persuasive enough?Skrimiche,434,im sure youve had times where you didnt want to spell things out for a greater purposeGrones,435,Nothin 
Yar har harGrones,436,[vote] cash [/vote]Gikkle,437,I'm 2% closer to ending the world
better kill me before thenTheHorla,438,Not yet, actually! It's pretty weak right now. My argument is that you're making the same (weak) argument as I am, but to distance yourself from her.
*shrugs* Regardless of how you define the end of RVS, I did not take their posts seriously. I think you are taking some posts that were not meant to be taken seriously far too seriously, and tied yourself up in knots trying to explain them via post modifiers.
I think the majority of players that were on at the time were wrong about that. 
Yes, depending on what you're analyzing? See the comment above about taking things seriously.
Just trying to understand something here. Did you think he was telling the truth that machine forgot to give his alignment, or not?
I understand that! The facts here are clear. But I think your conclusion was wrong, and I find it suspicious that you came to the conclusion that it was a post modifier.MrEevee7,439,sure, but seeing as it is impossible to have mech info atm, i dont see how it could be that.
and not explaining reads, unless youre just being lazy, doesnt help town at all and makes you look like you dont have any actual reasons for them10000 Jelly Doughnuts,440,Except speculating on pms is useless especially for Req because he does make changes and edits to the template all the time.

Heck, he didn't even put a period in my pm, is that scum indicative?

Also Skrim, give your reasons, let's not play this gameSkrimiche,441,booooo

touché

Cj - I quoted the posts that pinged me earlier while I was reading up. I didn't feel like pushing him (I confess to being lazy!), and I switched off to Eevee soon after because that's a vote I have reasons for doing aside from gut.

Eevee - First, I thought Pandas scumslipped about his alignment not being in his pm. This was because i asked Machine earlier if the "village" in the title of my google doc was my alignment (because it wasnt in the contents of the doc), and he confirmed it. But then I thought about it some more, and realized it was more likely that it was just a goof & not an actual scumslip. Eevee pointing out the contradiction with Panda's PM (being on the hypixel forums and not a google doc) seemed townie to me, but his subsequent hounding of Panda afterwards didn't. You can argue that the attempt at gamesolving is townie, but to me, it looked more like scum going after low-hanging fruit.

anyways im dipping to pet some cats and my dog grandson, ciao o/Skrimiche,442,also the reason why i didnt elaborate on the eevee vote was because i wanted to see how he'd react to it & whether or not he'd continue to push pandasAzmimel,443,Are you trying to trick me into actual pm speculating? Either way, it doesn't change my argument. I found him suspicious because he volunteered the information, not because he claimed machine forgot to give him his alignment.

Oh, so you're not as confident as you seem. 
you're right, it probably wasn't meant to be taken seriously. However, that's how I took it at the time, and since I want to defend myself I am attempting to explain my thought process. 
My conclusion wasn’t that he had a post modifier, my conclusion was that something else was going on here. Post modifier was just an example of something else that could’ve been going on. 
HunterC98,444,where was this mindset back when i horsed around with bold talk and ended up getting myself lynched on just talking around?Grones,445,We be halfway to nightfall, best we line up some choice ruffians to walk the plank! 

I wanna see 
Mito
SkrimGrones,446,Gikkle 


Send them all to the plank!Vizier,447,What flavor stinky? Skunk, onion, rotten food?CjBeats,448,
What happened to me oh cap’n my cap’n? doth thou not know your own heart? What a spicy lad you are oh cap’n-Chan to change up so quickly! 

Mistress Skrimiche-kun, I saw thine post about my stinkiness, but alas I do not understand what pinged you about those? Will you enlighten my darling heart?

And to my dearest jelly, I have seen your point! Oh what a wonderful mind you possess!CjBeats,449,MY LOVELY ARRA OH TO SEE THINE FACE FILLS MY HEART WITH SUCH JOY!!

Tell me, my dearest Arra, doth thou have any thoughts?Scythe,450,"Shall I compare thee to a summer day?"
"You're both hot."Vizier,451,
Nothing really rattles around in this dead head of mine, but I figure I can dig something up to support an idea I have.CjBeats,452,Oh superb! I shall await your return with bated breath!Vizier,453,There's. Not a cupid/lovers role in this setup. Right?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,454,Days I wish I had a vig shotVizier,455,



Edit: Posted meme twice.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,456,You are exceptionally wishy-washy.

[Vote]CJ[/Vote]CjBeats,457,You no longer need one, for this comment is already a knife to the heart! Oh what a cruel, black, wicked, twisted, nasty heart you must possess to say such rudeness to one such as me!CjBeats,458,A man merely knows when to change his mind when faced with arguments that make sense! My mind is not fixed, it is open to one’s voices!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,459,Mmmmmhmmm
You're really wishy washy, not changing your mind with good arguments. It's more that anytime anyone puts any push back on your opinions, you drop back. You've done it like 4 times.Vizier,460,

TheHorla,461,I explicitly stated earlier that my scumread of skrim was pretty weak, so my "confidence" is really just a strawman.
No, you're getting paranoid. You assumed that pandas posting "I don't have an alignment" makes him scummy or a jester - what logically follows is that you assumed he was lying about not having an alignment. If you thought he was telling the truth, his statement is obviously NAI, since he made it before he had an alignment!TheHorla,462,There is literally figuratively nothing to use to form a mito read right now.TheHorla,463,Final thought: Grones is funny as heck, but most of his posts substantively add up to "I want to lynch mito and skrim" or "Thoughts?"Grones,464,A used car for your thots?Grones,465,Lies and deception, mutiny! He be a conspirator, I quoted the ruffian.Mitochondria,466,Pi, do you have an argument against me which doesn’t boil down to “oh he TRs me which means he’s scum trying to pocket me”? I’d hope yes if I’m one of your top lynch targets today Red_Pandas,467,I ran out of reactions, expect no communication from me for exactly 24 hoursMitochondria,468,Maybe this post? Idk, I guess I’m biased but I genuinely fail to see how any of this is scummy. First quote was RVS, second was genuine curiosity and trying to spark discussion, third was my read at the time and an attempt to get some non-RVS discussion going. Fourth is setup spec and thus bad, but ehRed_Pandas,469,the rule hasn't changed at all
probably..
we don't know for sureRed_Pandas,470,yeah tbh no ai in thereGrones,471,Yarrr! I be quoting yer crimes! Ye set us off-course with yer insinuation that post mods be alignment indicative/one o'them be scum! Subtle, but powerful derailing! Typical mutineering!MrEevee7,472,Why mito?
This does seem like a bit of an overreaction thoughRed_Pandas,473,trying to find out why you're scum read is not overreactingGrones,474,Arghh! I be explainin meself o'er and o'er!Grones,475,Jelly be sailing under our radar, methinks.Grones,476,[vote] Gikkle [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,477,
"Slipping under radar"
votes gikkle.

also smh at not reading any of my arguments with CJRed_Pandas,478,I really don't get the thread title tbhGrones,479,With respect, ye olde cap'n closes his eyes and scrolls past e'ery word Cj posts10000 Jelly Doughnuts,480,Oh okay, understandable why you missed it and scum read me. Have a nice day.Grones,481,SR ye? Ne'er said that! Don't ye be puttin words in me mouth like some kind o' freshwater tv show hostMrEevee7,482,No, it's not. But he could have awaited groness response instead of writing an essay. I just found it a bit odd is all.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,483,But you do so...Grones,484,Should I? 


Arghhh!Grones,485,But that were me reasoning! He be askin for me reasoning, and found it! This be a weird position to take, Eevee. I'll have ye swabbing decks for a week for this!Skrimiche,486,good news: the cats like me
bad news: im allergic to catsSkrimiche,487,onions are divine you take that back

sure, gimme a min

ahaha yeah ive never done that as town myself ahahaha
ahaha
aha10000 Jelly Doughnuts,488,Yes. Go on!MrEevee7,489,Well since he clearly wasn't satisfied with the reasoning id expect him to not say anything about it then attack you if thats all you said it was in case there were more reasoningGrones,490,So ye admit to being a scalleywag?!Grones,491,Why would he say nothing? Is he a mute? A dumb landlubber? No, he be a tricksy siren, speech be his gift.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,492,Yes

(I shouldn't have to do the joke here but I will)MrEevee7,493,So that he makes sure he doesn't attack you needlessly..? It's what i would do at leastGrones,494,Why would he be wary o'attacking me "needlessly"? He be scared o' me?Grones,495,This be no laughing matter!Skrimiche,496,On second thought, I agree with Cj on this? Whoops. Not sure why I thought it felt wrong. Might've been the "subjective" bit triggering a primal response in me.

The only thing he questioned from that list (Azmimel scumreading me/Gikkle + townreading Hunter/Panda/Cj) was the scumread on me, which is strange. I'm not sure why he would pick to exclusively focus on me there.

(Context: Grones offers me & Gikkle as lynch candidates, then votes Gikkle, then 2 posts after voting Gikkle tells Cj to stop discussing role PMs because it's derailing the thread*, then 2 posts after that votes Cj.
*@Grones did I get that right? Just wanna make sure I'm understanding the pirate lingo. :3)

I was going to say: "Cj shouldn't be calling out others for being wishy-washy when he's been doing it himself", but when I looked back at the actual posts I had in mind from him, I actually think the progression might be natural? He basically went through the same "Panda scumslipped" --> "Panda/Machine just goofed up" thought process as me, although he stayed at Stage #1 of that longer than I did.


Spoiler: Cj posts












@Gikkle what do you make of this^? My confidence is shattered and my night is ruined. :<Skrimiche,497,@ the cj debacle: im gonna sleep on it
and by sleep on it i mean im gonna forget about it until i remember that im playing in this game tomorrow and check the thread
o/Grones,498,Man, I have no idea, I, myself, lose half the meaning while typing up these posts

ARrghh I mean, ye be right on the trrrrreasure lass!HunterC98,499,isee that we have made a lovely circle of conversation....right where we started 'n such...10000 Jelly Doughnuts,500,You missed how he said I was scummy and then I gave a single response and he decided that was okay.

Hmmm. I don’t have an opinion on mark right now and that concerns me.Red_Pandas,501,very relatableTheHorla,502,I don't actually believe this, fyiTheHorla,503,Day 1 Votecount:
(2) nolynch: Gikkle, HunterC98
(2) cjbeats: 10000 Jelly Doughnuts, Red_Pandas
(2) gikkle: Azmimel, Grones
(1) mreevee7: Skrimiche
(1) chucklenuts: DAREALMoneyMan
(1) mitochondria: Mitochondria
(1) thehorla: Vizier
(3) Not voting: TheHorla, MrEevee7, CjBeats

You can view this votecount and all previous votecounts in the #votecounts channel in Discord.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,504,You can not believe it. I am saying this because as of this moment, it's true.

I'll go through your posts and see what I think after that.MrEevee7,505,[vote] gikkle [/vote]
@GikkleGrones,506,Argh! Well I don't be believing yer disbelief!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,507,

Spoiler: Mark's posts






PREGAME ^
---






























I think these are all of mark's post, did it by hand though so possible I missed one. Going to do a little step by step and assign arbitrary points to each post. These points add up to a fake final score that is entirely real and will determine my read.

Which will come in the next post so I can actually click on the quotes and read them as I'm drafting my response.
---

EDIT: hopefully fixed spoilers
EDIT 2: hopefully fixed spoilers?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,508,The first quarter of the day was rather weak until Mark enters in with his Pandas post, providing evidence to a joke gone awry. Nothing about the post is outstanding towny or scummy wise, although at the time it may have looked as a controversial opinion because of how everyone seemed to be whipped up into a frenzy about Pandas 'scum slip'
+1 Town Points

Asks about Pi pressuring eevee, which is incredibly NAI.

Goes back on his eevee read and admits it's impulsive, agreeing with mito. This I think marks the real end of the Eevee Pandas debate, although people would later also enforce their opinions on it.+1 Town points for admitting fault.

Dislikes a no-lynch, especially honing in on Azimel when at the time there were 4 people actually on the no-lynch train, asking none of them! I'm hesitant to call it tunneling, because it's not quite as aggressive as that, but in a couple posts down still thinks scum team could consist of Azimel, focusing on several things like Azimel considering Pandas to be jester. However, in the thread there were a fair amount of people considering jester as an option, why did Mark latch onto Azimel's posts about that and call it scummy? I feel as if there is some minor tunneling or busing here. +1 Scum points.

(Although looking at skrim's posts, they are rather weak in general, not providing reasoning until after someone calls her out on it bugs me as disinterested at the least and scummy at the most. Either way, NOT GOOD)

Mark continues to attack Azimel for things that other people did as well. +1 scum points. (Half the game was PM/setup speculating. Off the top of my head, Skrim and I did.)

Azimel sets up strawman; the argument continues. I'm now more leaning towards T/S or even T/T. I doubt S/S would use such terrible pushes to bus, and both Azimel and Mark would be fairly coordinated and careful on a bus if this were the case.

Final post is IIoA, heistant to assign scum or town intent to it, but I would argue that seems fairly out of character for him.

Final Score: 2 town points, 2 scum. An Azimel flip would be extremely helpful for resolving Mark; I think. If Az flips scum, Mark's a god-tier townie, because I don't see bussing in this scenario. If Az flips town, I'd hit mark with an investigative or a lynch.

Anyway, my thoughts on Mark. Minor ones on other people that have slipped under my radar.

---
Vizier (Arra): The vibes he gives off seem like someone rusty at mafia, not new. He has played in a couple minis here, but not ones that would justify his knowledge and apparent paranoia about lovers/cupid. I am extremely hesitant to say 'coaching' because that A: make me look like a jerk, and B: has bitten me on the butt of course. It's possible he researched and gained knowledge, and I think that my initial paranoia of 'COACHING?!!?!1!' is unfounded. Slight TR.

Hunter: TR. I have no idea how much Hunter has played before, but I'll assume he's new. He seems townie overwhelmed with learning the game. I think scum would provide more guidance in scum chat if he had rolled wolf. Of course, if Hunter does flip wolf, I think we can assume that wolves are inactive. 

Pi: Pi's town. I just feel it. Gut reasoning is of course bad, but he's acting like he does as town. 

Eevee: I think Eevee is a slight town lean for me, his confusion earlier with Pandas feels genuine. Also I don't think scum eevee naked votes like town does.HunterC98,509,If its anything worth mentioning, I was also aware of a Lovers style of role by Youtube....so that is a full possibilities.Gikkle,510,I'm not sure why you're tagging me specifically when I haven't really interacted with Cj but whatever

Also not sure if you are asking what I think of what you're saying about him or Cj in general

Your analysis is weird
One of your posts is like, why not just ask him why he picked the SR on you out of the others to question. Why make this statement without first asking Cj? Unless you did and I missed it...

I'm not too sure what the point of this analysis is if your conclusion is just "he might be town". Did you have some kind of big SR on him or something and this was supposed to be what made you turn around on that? I don't quite understand why you'd do an analysis on someone and just come up with "his progression MIGHT be natural", unless you strongly SRed them, but I don't see a reason why you would this early. 

Is this supposed to be some kind of test? I genuinely don't understand why you would make this post and not come up with a better conclusion than this.

My opinion on Cj? Idk, I haven't bothered trying to read him. Only people I've formed reads on are Mark(TR), Mito(LTR), Pandas(TR), and Eevee(LSR). Maybe someone else I've forgotten about, idk.Gikkle,511,How come you can't delete post drafts anymore :/Skrimiche,512,i did? p sure i only did it for like 2 posts before realizing it was a dead end

what other info would an azmimel flip give?

because i love you

i
...
hey @CjBeats why did you pick out the SR on me out of the others to question

i thought i had a (lightish?) scumread on him but then i lost confidence in it when i went to look at the posts that pinged me

gosh gikkle dont make me spell it out
it's 'cause im baaad ( ༎ຶ ۝ ༎ຶ )Red_Pandas,513,feeling good, might make 1 singular readGikkle,514,w.shoot Skrimiche
Mmm
Alright
What's your current read on Cj now then? Null? Light TR?
Sorry Red_Pandas,515,what do this meanGikkle,516,Information instead of analysisRed_Pandas,517,well I managed to read an entire ISO without forming any opinions at all
10000 Jelly Doughnuts,518,Information on Pandas. If Azimel flips scum, I'd say its safe to assume Pandas isn't scum.
That happens sometimes :/Skrimiche,519,if 1 is town and 10 is scum, then he's at about a 6Grones,520,Who ye ruffians be lynching?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,521,I'd be fine with a CJ or Azimel lynch for reasons stated somewhere in the thread.

Or you for the memes.HunterC98,522,about 6 hours till the notalynch happens, if someone is intent on going in the gallows, time is a running out..Gikkle,523,I think I'm top wagon rn
idek whyTheHorla,524,Why does gikkle have votes lolHunterC98,525,Oh? Welp, guess the gallows will be claiming a soul.....less folks wise up.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,526,Agreed, looks like some of them are for no reason lolRed_Pandas,527,[unvote][/unvote]TheHorla,528,Really don't understand the case against gikkle (literally none of his posts have registered with me.) Reading back, but until then [vote]No lynch[/vote]HunterC98,529,all i have on Gikkle so far is some very brazen remarks that honestly read as trying to bluff about an assigned role, and as much as i actually wanna vote for him..it just doesnt seem worth lynching in my eyes..Skrimiche,530,not me? ;O

also what
people are voting gikkle?HunterC98,531,A handful are, but right now looks like No lynch is winning.Grones,532,Yarrr! no lynching be a funny!

[vote] no lynch [/vote]TheHorla,533,You going to explain why you were originally on the gikkle wagon and are now switching off?TheHorla,534,Day 1 Votecount:
(4) nolynch: Gikkle, Grones, TheHorla, HunterC98
(1) cjbeats: 10000 Jelly Doughnuts
(2) gikkle: Azmimel, MrEevee7
(1) mreevee7: Skrimiche
(1) chucklenuts: DAREALMoneyMan
(1) mitochondria: Mitochondria
(1) thehorla: Vizier
(2) Not voting: Red_Pandas, CjBeats
The next votecount will be processed in 0.5 hours. You can view this votecount and all previous votecounts in the #votecounts channel in Discord.Grones,535,Methinks he be conspirators along the vile Skrimiche. Their RVS be more rotton than a landlubber's body left at sea.Grones,536,I be opposed to sendin ol' sailor Azimel down ye plankGrones,537,Both o' these 'ere sailors be experienced voyagers. They be from Port Chucklefish. 

Methinks yer Arra read be mighty suspiciousitious, on me grandmother's warts! Ye say ye be disregardin yer paranoia and yer seasickness, an' then ye reckon 'im a loyal sailor. If ye aint factorin in no coaching, none o'that, then what have ye to base yer read o'him? Ye mention but nothin else!TheHorla,538,Expand on this please?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,539,Why?
Yea but if someone starts playing mafia again after a break, it takes them a bit to get in the groove of things.
Also arra’s posted like 15 times, most of them being memes, calm a bit down in asking for a surefire read. I saw one post that was weird and then discounted it when I was being unreasonable.MrEevee7,540,[unvote] [/unvote]MrEevee7,541,Why are we no lynching..?Grones,542,Then why ye be readin 'im as a loyal sailor, instead o' null?Grones,543,erybody be voting Skrimiche off the plank early, an' Gikkle be mighty strange when he be doing it.


These posts be soundin' the bells o' enemy fire, methinks.

Voyagin on, he be letting out mysterious words

An' with no explanation o'er th'horizon

He be a dangerous pirate, methinksAzmimel,544,Reading up right now. One of us should be on for EoD.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,545,I said slight town read. Like so slight it nearly doesn’t matter.Grones,546,Hmmmmmm
Arrrrrrr ye suuurrrre 'bout that? Ye clearrrrly considered it important enough t'include in yer listAzmimel,547,[unvote][/unvote]

I didn't vote at all yesterday, so I'm almost certain that the Gikkle vote is from RVS.



I logged on a couple of minutes after he posted claiming mafia. I think the above is my first post of the day.I guessed this was a ploy by him to get voted, and that sharing the information about his PM was another way to make himself suspicious. It didn't matter to my argument that was he said was the truth or not, what mattered is that he decided to share it with us.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,548,I literally said above it: people who have been slipping under my radar. Smh illiterate pirate.Grones,549,Hmrrrrrr
Arghhhh
I be keepin me good eye on ye, tricksy sea dogRorschach,550,Guys remember to submit your flavors for game B, EOD is coming up and so is the deadline for that. Please submit it in your game B folder excel if possible, that automates things and makes the turnaround a lot quicker.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,551,Oh. Yea I should do that.DAREALMoneyMan,552,Just read and up and things. Not going to bother to give reads on people I didn't pay attention to. Even though I have done it in the past, I am disappointed people aren't following up on stuff they think is scummy just because jester is possible in this game. You guys are better than me!

Azmimel thingy



Spoiler: Full ISO




























































Spoiler: Notable Posts




Reported for bad takes. You are trying to rationalize his scummy behavior via "oh maybe post modifier!" 
I'd like to mention that I didn't find what Panda said about his pm not including his faction was scummy! If it was true, I feel like the other scum mates would notice, given the team follows the typical 1:4 ratio, they were missing someone. Back on topic, if you say he was being so scummy (even if obvious), why are you attempting to find an excuse for him (oh, he is probably Jester, or has a post modifier). Just because it is possible in the game does not mean you value it over dayplay. ALSO, a post modifier making you act scummy is stupid and I don't see Machine adding it. You could then chalk off all scummy behaviors to the modifier.
Because it was a joke? He was making light of the situtation?
Take note for later (referring to Panda).
It is always RVS for Panda (but I agree we shouldn't pass things off just because they say "oH it was RVS!"). You say here that you don't think he is towny, and referring to above post you said he was either village idiot or neutral. Thus, you think he is neutral in your own words. If you really thought he was neutral, why aren't you trying to see what type of neutral he is or voting him!
Town points here.

I have done this along with many other people in many other games. It is an obvious joke I:
NAI!! I don't think admitting that you made a boo boo is alignment indicative.
Refer to the post above x2
Well I don't think he really needed to say it was a joke considering it was obvious.
Too lazy to see what you are responding to here :/
Already said why this is stupid!



[vote]Azmimel[/vote]

I am also suspicious of Cj and Panda but I have other things to do. Like Bike. And Eat. And SleepDAREALMoneyMan,553,Also Mark you should give me the ISO bot!TheHorla,554,I am too tired to keep arguing here but this is another strawman. I am saying that if panda did not know his alignment, then him posting "I don't have an alignment" is obviously NAI. If you think he is lying for some reason, that is a different argument (and closer to the one you made.) When reading pandas, it matters what you thought his PM read; that is why I said you were speculating about his PM.Rorschach,555,Ryast has the ISO bot, not Mark.TheHorla,556,Ryast posted a link in #announcementsSkrimiche,557,why me owo
your post elaborating on this only had gikkle quotes

do you think azmimel & pandas are on the same scumteam or different scum alignmentsGrones,558,Gikkle be voting ye, then he be opposed t'me voting ye. It be worrying, like an ill tide.MrEevee7,559,Is there a reason were no lynching..?HunterC98,560,cause most everyone who was willing to lynch has either no voted or unvoted.Grones,561,Nightfall be in 10 minutesGrones,562,Arrrr! I be wrrrrrong! 50 minutes!Red_Pandas,563,[vote] no-lynch [/vote]
why notGrones,564,[vote] panda [/vote] 
I be a wacky pirateSkrimiche,565,bruh you made me panicHunterC98,566,I made myself panic..i thought i missed it.Skrimiche,567,[vote]no-lynch[/vote]Mitochondria,568,Refuse to vote for a D1 no lynch on principle so uh

[vote] Skrim [/vote]Mitochondria,569,Actually nah, I think Skrim's fine

[vote] Gikkle [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,570,Why Gikkle?Gikkle,571,i'm a good boi
I just like human flesh, nothing wrong with thatMitochondria,572,Bad gut feel, didn't do much of anything today, no other targets I feel strongly about right now.Mitochondria,573,Actually that's a lie, my pet theory is that Pi's scum but y'all ain't ready for that discussion yetDAREALMoneyMan,574,SameDAREALMoneyMan,575,Wait- why are we no lynching? Meh.Grones,576,I'lla turn'a you into'a pasta lasagna mama miaHunterC98,577,captain....who is this italian dude?TheHorla,578,Oh I'm ready for that discussion!


Re: today's lynch, fine with no lynch since the gikkle wagon is really weak and I'm not confident in anyone else (even azmimel) to eliminate.Rorschach,579,Esther is wheeled into the large room by a rather tall butler fellow, his tailcoats hovering so as not to touch the floor, and he carefully unfolds a little table and places it in the center of the room.

"You really chose not to lynch anyone?" Esther says distastefully, her eyes narrowing, eyelids you never knew were there stretching to do so. "You are all fools. You have one minute to kill someone. Or else." She says, as the butler places a large shotgun on the table. 

The first player to reply to this post with [SHOOT] @Player [/SHOOT] will take the gun and kill the player they tag.Grones,580,Who arrrrrre ye an' what ye done to th'real MarkTheHorla,581,Ever since gikkle and I got stats on our D1 lynch record, I've come around pretty hard in favour of D1 no-lynching when we have zero clue what to do. We used to NL all the time (and had a decent track record back then) - we should revive the practice!Grones,582,ARGHHH NOBODY TAKE TH'GUNGrones,583,IF ANY O' YE USE TH'GUN I BE HUNTIN' FOR YE TILL THE END O' ME DAYSRorschach,584,"Well? I'm waiting. If you do not do it, I will kill three of you where you stand." Esther says tersely.Gikkle,585,[SHOOT]@Rorschach[/SHOOT]TheHorla,586,Yeah, anyone who uses this gun without discussion gets lynched today.Grones,587,AAAAAAAAAADAREALMoneyMan,588,Can we kill Azmel Grones,589,AAAAAAAAAARRRDAREALMoneyMan,590,WE NEED TO CHOOSE SOMEONE OR 3 MORE DIE - I DON'T WANT TO DIEETheHorla,591,Everyone, relax. 

If machine wants us to lynch someone, then we'll do it. Do not shoot.Gikkle,592,kinda wanna shoot skrim... Not for any good reason, I've just always wanted to do it in a proper mafia game instead of a wolfia game...DAREALMoneyMan,593,but what if I shot scum :>Rorschach,594,There is no Rorschach in the game.Grones,595,How about I shoot ye, ye scalleywagGikkle,596,what happens if I shoot myselfDAREALMoneyMan,597,guys there is 1 minute until eod so we dont have time to change the wagon from no lynchGrones,598,RIP 3 people arrrrrghDAREALMoneyMan,599,I rather that then 3 random people dyingGikkle,600,[SHOOT]@Gikkle[/SHOOT]

LETS GOOORorschach,601,You lose the game if you shoot yourself.

EOD was 15 minute ago. Welcome to twilight.Grones,602,NOOOOOOOO ARGHHHGikkle,603,Great!Rorschach,604,Action not submitted properly.Grones,605,[shoot]@Mitochondria[/shoot]
GIKKLE WHY ARGHHHDAREALMoneyMan,606,WHY10000 Jelly Doughnuts,607,oh shoot, no pun intended.Gikkle,608,[SHOOT] @Gikkle [/SHOOT]DAREALMoneyMan,609,watch as mito is scum though lmaoGrones,610,I BE SO CONFUSED HELP MEEEEEGrones,611,NO 
ARGHHH STOP WHYYYYGikkle,612,You didn't do it correctly either, you fool!

SEE Y'ALL IN THE AFTERLIFE

IT'S BETTER THAN SLOWLY WALKING FOR ETERNITY TOWARDS MY ROOMDAREALMoneyMan,613,why has my post count in twilight been triple than that of dayGrones,614,[SHOOT] @Mitochondria [/SHOOT]

Arghhh! TAKE MINE NOT GIKKLE I BE THE CAP'NTheHorla,615,...Grones,616,MITO BE SCUM YARR HARR HARRGrones,617,Arghhh I be blamin' Gikkle 
He be an agent o' chaos, a bombardier10000 Jelly Doughnuts,618,What the heck was that?1Grones,619,GIKKLE BE TOWN IF HE BE SHOOTIN' 'IMSELF 

I BE SAVIN A LOYAL SAILOR ABOARD THIS VESSEL10000 Jelly Doughnuts,620,I meant with mito, but honestly thanks for the explanation for town gikkle too?TheHorla,621,gikkle is town right lol

like

there's no wayRorschach,622,
Gikkle and Grones rush for the gun, however, Grones is just a bit faster, pulling the gun out and aiming it at @Mitochondria.

The gun explodes in his face, and @Grones topples to the ground.






"That's better." Esther says. "Perhaps this will teach the rest of you to be more decisive." She says, gesturing as the butler wheels her out of the room, picking up the gun from the corpse of Grones as they pass.

Day 1 has ended.Gikkle,623,I have a thick shell skull, I can take it!Grones,624,If Gikkle be shootin' 'imself, he be violatin' the CODE! He be breakin 'is wincon, so the 'eavens be strikin 'im down in MODKILL

but he be shootin' 'imself

a negative times a negative be a positive YARRRRR 

HE LIVES!
@Rorschach LET 'IM LIVEGikkle,625,c'mon man!TheHorla,626,jfcGrones,627,????
GIKKLE BE FIRST YARRRRAzmimel,628,EXCUSE ME 

wtfGrones,629,@Rorschach Gikkle actually shot and formatted correctly before me, though.Gikkle,630,I am canonically the slowest person in this game. I will probably not make it to my room until September/October.DAREALMoneyMan,631,no role flip?Gikkle,632,^ this

I shot myself fair and square! Let it happen!Grones,633,day is over no more discussion!!!!Rorschach,634,Night has started. No further game discussion is allowed. I did not make any errors.Rorschach,635,Forgot to add the song to the Start of Night Post.
Updated.Grones,636,@Rorschach title btwRorschach,637,As you all begin to enter the main dining area for breakfast, you recognize an old, surprisingly not dead face. @Grones was fortunate, and the gunshot blast was not fatal. On the other hand... @MrEevee7 will not be joining you. Not only are both of his left legs missing, but he is in fact, dead. The poor centaur.

The stench of death is strong. There's a raven sitting on the tables. Dead. A nametag on it indicates that its name was "Clive."
A note from Esther sits with it. "Don't disappoint me today. Or I will make sure you are disappointed in yourselves."



Spoiler: MrEevee7 Flip



Virgil the Centaur, the Village Lie Detecting Oracular Vigilante



I hope you enjoy your breakfast as the sun rises...

Day will end at 4:30 PM EST on Sunday, August 8th, with a Twilight of 1.5 hours.Skrimiche,638,uh ohhhhRed_Pandas,639,that seems that it would be powerfulGikkle,640,I've totally forgotten basically everything that happened in this game

Who did we suspect again? Mito?Azmine,641,Pi, did anything happen while you were "dead"Azmimel,642,you’re on the wrong accountAzmimel,643,Wow that's crazyHunterC98,644,Oh captain my captain, are you still alive?TheHorla,645,How does Oracular work?Red_Pandas,646,by miracle, probably caused by him being coolRorschach,647,Ask question, receive answer.TheHorla,648,Was the scope of the questions limited in any way?Rorschach,649,
HunterC98,650,Answer it NOBALLSGikkle,651,Isoing myself to jog my memory as to what has happened


Spoiler: my posts












































Gikkle,652,Mark/Pandas/Grones I guess are my TRs for today? Idk I'm going with my past self

I also apparently TRed Mito but idk whyGikkle,653,ISOing Eevee for nk analysis purposes


Spoiler: Eevee ISO






























Gikkle,654,Eevee's main contribution was pushing Pandas
Some shade thrown on Mito at some point too but nothing significantGikkle,655,[VOTE]Pandas[/VOTE]

carrying on my boy eevee's legacy!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,656,The pandas argument isn't really strong at all. I wouldn't think mafia would go and try to frame Pandas by killing eevee when the read was mediocre.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,657,I'm honestly confused about the NK in general. Eevee is usually lynchbait, not a NK. What is mafia doing?Gikkle,658,Doesn't your second sentence support the pandas argument
They aren't gonna be trying to frame him, so the only real reason to kill Eevee is to silence him if pandas is scumGikkle,659,In what game was eevee killed n1 because mafia was purposefully doing weird kills
Can anyone remind meMitochondria,660,I'm gonna be honest, I forgot everything that was happening in this game

Big wtf to Pi for trying to kill me when I wasn't on at the very end of the last day phase, not a fan of that play at all. Personal feelings about getting merc'd aside, it was super impulsive and, imo, big scum energy to make a move like that.Grones,661,I lived *****Grones,662,Yarrr ye be scumGrones,663,No yarrrrrGrones,664,It was be to save Gikkle and 3 townies yarrrr

Ye be scumAzmimel,665,Any thoughts beyond thatGrones,666,The mutineers be cowards n killed a sailor who ne'er voted a soul. We be hardp'essed t'read this 'ere kill.Grones,667,He be scum
I be a soulreadin cap'nTheHorla,668,I am backAzmimel,669,I mean you soulread jelly last game so I'm almost inclined to believe you.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,670,Ah. Yea. Whoops. Sorry. Yea. That's what I mean.Rorschach,671,Hi back, I'm dad.Red_Pandas,672,Ngl I would probably be the mafia member that would be the most sacrifice-able
I don't think mafia would want to keep ,me alone so much they kill eevee just for having a slight scum read on me
if I had a powerful role maybe
but I dont think that would be the entire reason the kill happenedAzmimel,673,This post reeks of town idkGrones,674,Mafia most likely be lookin at votes
Eevee be a no-voter
they be killin 'imTheHorla,675,Sorry just quoting this post as a test10000 Jelly Doughnuts,676,What do you mean?Azmimel,677,Why would they want to kill a novoter?Grones,678,Mafia be wishin' t'lay low. They be murderin' sailors who 'ave no strong reads. Eevee ended day on no vote, yarrr!Grones,679,This be no hypothetical. Look'er at the vote counts, ye scalleywag. Eevee be never votin.Azmimel,680,Yes, but what's your pointCjBeats,681,Did not most of the lads and ladies within this establishment either not vote or vote for a no-lynch? I do not think voting is the right way to look at this.Grones,682,-_-
Ye be intentionally obtuse, yarrrrAzmimel,683,Probably, it's kinda lateGrones,684,The laws o' this ship, the Game C, be dictatin' that any sailor that be killed, be a loser. If ye wish to win this 'ere voyage, ye live. The wincons be different, and we be no-lynchin'.Red_Pandas,685,why?Red_Pandas,686,I didn't post yesterday when I first read stuff but Gikkle's vote on me purely off of continuing Eevee's legacy
it just doesn't seem like something a town would actually doRed_Pandas,687,I like azmimels posts tbhRed_Pandas,688,It feels like Eevee was pretty controversial yesterday and slightly scum read so I'm confused on why scum decided to kill EeveeRed_Pandas,689,sorry for the quintuple post O_O

I kiiiind of don't like Skrim's posts, but not enough to feel like it deserves a scumread
I think I need some others thoughts for this read
what do y'all think of Skrim?Grones,690,Ye be right, we be sendin her off the plank10000 Jelly Doughnuts,691,What’s up with Skrim?Grones,692,/shrug
YarrCjBeats,693,/shrug?Red_Pandas,694,I was thinking something a bit more specific but I guess that worksGrones,695,I be messin' with Pandas
He may be a mutineer, methinks 
"Skrimiche should die maybe? Thoughts?" 
Be the mutineer words.Red_Pandas,696,that is an extreme misinterpretation of my words, captain.Grones,697,A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P 
a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p 


yarr!Grones,698,YarrrRed_Pandas,699,yeah but then that makes it confusing to quoteGikkle,700,who da heck tripped over me last nightGikkle,701,@Red_Pandas what are your reads?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,702,Was that you lol?CjBeats,703,What doth thou mean trip?Skrimiche,704,you forgot why you scumread me, didnt youGikkle,705,was it you, Jelly?!! Very rude!CjBeats,706,Pwease Gikkle wikkle, expwain to wittle ole me.Gikkle,707,someone tripped over me CjBeats,708,I do not understand.Gikkle,709,you don't need to.CjBeats,710,HmmGrones,711,Yarrrr, I be questionin' the importance o' this voyage 

I propose a nolynch again! Yarrr!
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Gikkle,712,can't believe mafia chose eevee to lose first
they must hate eevee personally, since he wasn't even that big of a voice
wow mafia, so rude10000 Jelly Doughnuts,713,Look, I didn't mean to.Gikkle,714,I also got a pillow last night, thanks to whoever gave that to me. much comfy.Red_Pandas,715,any apparent consequences or effects?
Almost no reads tbh, but so far Pi TR and Azmimel slight tr
Pi we have to get flip info at SOME point
Agreed
any effects?Azmimel,716,Not a single sr?Red_Pandas,717,Nope, not one!Red_Pandas,718,Money has barely posted and the only post he seemed to put effort into is just weak arguments against already weak-ish points
it's not like bad-bad so I'm not sure if it is enough to make me feel like a possible S!Money or not
but it is thereRed_Pandas,719,this isn't responding to Azmimel's question, this is cause I JUST looked at Money's postsGikkle,720,who we killinTheHorla,721,[vote]Grones[/vote]

Still very loopy right now, but my reasoning right now is something like this:
- voting no lynch on D1 is an actually sound idea, but voting no lynch on D2 is bad
- him picking up the gun and shooting mito was actually really scummy
- gonna say that still being alive after being blown up is kinda scummy, despite his (feigned?) surprise todayTheHorla,722,The flip side of this argument, though, is that shooting another player is a better play than shooting yourself. Obviously what gikkle did was super townie, but he had a 100% chance of killing town; from town-pi's perspective, he had a 1/4 chance of hitting scum, which is better odds than gikkle's play.

The other tinfoil theory is that gikkle is scum, knew the thing was harmless, and shot himself for town points, but that strikes me as super unlikely.

Still overall, decent scumread on grones for now; I'll keep my vote here for now.Red_Pandas,723,I have no ideaRed_Pandas,724,The forced killing at EoD had almost no hints beforehand possibly revealing it, Mafia would almost never know whether it was real/fake unless Esther (or whoever the person was, I think thats who) is working with the mafia.
I feel like Gikkle self-shot would be extremely risky of a play from scum so that makes me feel like it was a town move.
I would have to check back but if Pi had an SR on Mito it can make sense from a town PoV
however from what I remember, and saw from reading back for reads, Mito wasn't his strongest SR at least from appearance, as compared to people like Skrim and Gikkle (iirc)

Decent point though overall, I didn't do much speculating on pi's shots so this could be a very possible thing
This also makes sense
also I keep forgetting that pi got blown up by itharass,725,never knew a new mafia game was going on
/backupTheHorla,726,I mean, I don't want to speculate too much since there's just a chance the thing was harmless for anyone. But it's a big ??? why he's still here

I also have some thoughts about his actual reads but I really need sleep, I'll post them asap tomorrow; hopefully we can get decent discussion in the last 12ish hours or so and get a decent lynchTheHorla,727,Oh yeah I forgot lol

Grones is voting no lynch even after what happened yesterday

Machine sent a clear message that no lynches -> bad, and grones is basically going "yeah let's touch that hot poker again yarrrr"Grones,728,I be forgivin Mark's votes o' me since he be dyin' and recoverin', from his landlubber vaccine.Grones,729,Also, Mito be scum.CjBeats,730,Then why not vote him instead of a no lynch?Red_Pandas,731,[VOTE] Grones [/VOTE] igGrones,732,Pandas and Mito be scum, methinks

Panda be a timid scum, he be saying this





He never be taking strong stances aboard his vessel. He be test th'waters, lookin' through a glass t'see if fellow mutineers be with 'im. 

Mito/Panda/Someone else 
Mutineerers! 

[vote] Panda [/vote]Red_Pandas,733,I never have strong stances on anything in mafia
this isnt a new thingGrones,734,Maybe so, but ye be testin' th'water to mislynch POOR SKRIMICHE YARRRRRRed_Pandas,735,"I kiiiind of don't like Skrim's posts, but not enough to feel like it deserves a scumread"
as in
"I don't have a Skrim SR because their posts aren't quite bad enough"
also don't you have a Skrim SR?Grones,736,No, I be spurrin ye on t'see what ye do
I be naked votin Skrimiche, and ye went "ok cool". That be tellin' me ye perfectly good with her bein' thrown o'erboard. If ye didn't SR her, why ye be sayin:
Hmmm? 
Yerrrrrr a scum one! Mr Grinch!Red_Pandas,737,I was trying to say "maybe elaborate on why"
worded in a passive-aggressive kind of wayGikkle,738,Why are y'all voting Grones10000 Jelly Doughnuts,739,Money's busy rn.

Pandas reads are a bit sheepish imo, I could see a scum pandas. Placeholder vote, so I don’t get punished if I didn’t vote.

Sorry, busy today. Might be on before EOD but I don’t see it. 

[Vote]Pandas[/Vote]TheHorla,740,I actually agree on the pandas read but why is Mito scum lolGrones,741,Gut and this post
YarrrrTheHorla,742,I'm a bit more sane now fyi

It's kinda suspicious that jelly is parroting pi's vote JUST as I vote grones, which I did not expect

So I see sorta two possible scum teams: pandas/azmine or jelly/piTheHorla,743,That post is fine? I would scumread you if you shot me. And Mito has barely done anything so no idea how you can have a gut read on them in any direction.Grones,744,One death wasn't enough for these mutineer traitors yarrrGrones,745,T H E G U T 

Y A R RRed_Pandas,746,Mark made some posts about it
who am I sheeping with my votes though?
that post is fine?
gut is not enough hereRed_Pandas,747,with my reads*Red_Pandas,748,im pretty sure all my reads are original except the Pi read which ofc is because of markTheHorla,749,Yeah pandas is wheeling votes iirc, he's just being super underconfidentGikkle,750,Oh wait people only lose the game when they are lynched? Not when nked I guess according to the wording of the ruleTheHorla,751,Should read "isn't sheeping"Gikkle,752,Spring has sprung?Azmimel,753,S-Skrim is scum?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,754,Okay on lunch (not lynch, phone) break. Let me explain my pandas read, because I didn’t even see pi’s post really in depth.

Pandas feels noncommittal in any of his reads, which isn’t AI in itself, but then he asks about Cash. Cash, who is out of the game entirely rn, has been immune to lynches and what not afaik, and tries to get suspicion on him. That’s something pretty hard to miss, and I feel like pandas is trying to make a distraction somehow. Therefore scum.

Pi’s scummy too imo, but I have that weird feeling he could be jester and hope someone would be kind enough to kill him.Azmimel,755,oh we’re doing this again, are we?Azmimel,756,From machine on the discord

"
@Player i am making the executive decision to extend day 24 hours due to some housekeeping issues I need to deal with potentially preventing me from having internet during day end.

Day will now end at 4:45 on Monday, with a twilight of 1.5 hours. 

Game B will start 15 minutes after twilight ends in games A&C.
"Mitochondria,757,[vote] Pi [/vote]

Barring a dramatic new development, my vote's probably not moving. Mark kinda stole my thunder, but here are the main reason's Pi's probably scum:
-Again, the gun play was terrible. I'm biased, yeah, but I've never been in a situation where someone's been killed right at EoD when they can't defend themselves by town. Huge town points for Gikkle for his response; Gikkle, if you're scum then congrats, you pocketted me.

-Voting for someone immediately after Mark called him out for no lynching is a bad look imo. I also think it's odd he went for Pandas instead of me (and the no lynch instead of me yesterday) considering half his posts are about he soulreads me as scum. Why is he shading me (and trying to daykill me lol) instead of getting a wagon going?

-As I said yesterday, Pi's D1 play was blegh. I can go back through the posts and find examples of all these things if anyone really wants, but I remember disliking how much he was/is controlling the thread and discussion (shooting down discussion topics he didn't like, e.g. some CJ/Jelly (?) argument from yesterday, trying to railroad my death at EoD yesterday, etc.). My pet theory is that the pirate modifier's faked so he can seem more entertaining (thus more townie) and get away with having leaps in logic by blaming misinterpretations of his post on the modifier.

Unrelated question but @Gikkle was your human flesh problem resolved last night?Grones,758,Machine be threatenin t'kill 3 people. Gikkle conftown. You? Probably scum. Yarrrr it be the best play aboard the vessel


Gettin' ye lynched be a fool's errand. easier t'get yer fellow mutineer.



Idk what this be meanin' so I be ignorin' it.

I be willin' t'hop off th'plank, but absolutely kill Mito and Panda after I flip Town yarrrr harrrGrones,759,This lynch o'me be very strrrrange. Scum motivated, obviously. Mito and Panda be needin' t'die, ye landlubbers'll see. Yarrrrrr

Last scum (if there) be unknown t'me.Grones,760,NoGrones,761,My role be verrrrrrry scummy so I be not claimin even if I be fixin' t'die. If I die, I die. I won't be winnin even if town be winnin' but I be biased, anywhoo, so do be sendin Mito and Panda off th'boat when I be gone.

Rid me o'this cursed post modifier
[vote] Panda [/vote]Red_Pandas,762,When did I ask about cash
the person I actually asked about was Skrim, Cash is just the one who I have the least of a read on out of the players I've looked at.
I actually have been forgetting that Cash is immune to stuff, but I don't even want to Lynch them so that shouldn't even matter right now
Don't use the extremely slim possibility of a jester to avoid a Lynch on them
If you could explain why he's more scummy then you that would be great
If you think there are 2 scum you know of it shouldn't matter much who you decide to kill
this doesn't make sense from town
What is this
Bad
ScummyRed_Pandas,763,Anyone else find it extremely weird that Gikkle is just now theorizing about this, instead of on day 1?

(also just noticed @Rorschach thread title is incorrect I think)Grones,764,I don't really wanna reply to this bc none of the things you said mean anything
I feel like youre purposefully misunderstanding my posts or just asking questions to appear like you're open to changing your mind, when you really just want a mislynch.

Anyways, imma dip for rest of day because I don't really understand what game C is even for? And with Mark and Mito trying to get me lynched, I'm probably dead anyways, which ofc means I lose the game and idc about town winning if I lose, cuz im a wacky selfish biatch. Anywhoo, kill Panda and Mito afterwards.

Yarrrr!Rorschach,765,When they die.Rorschach,766,Shhhhh nooooo its perfect definitely says Day 2Gikkle,767,The fact you find it weird is weird because I just went back to look at the rules and that's why I'm talking about it lolGikkle,768,I still have a craving for human flesh, but I wouldn't call it a problem.Skrimiche,769,grones town
won't be on for most of today (or this week in general tbh) but let it be known!Skrimiche,770,grones town bc he's not acting like he does as scum (from what i remember, anyways; dont rly use/pay attention to meta personally)Red_Pandas,771,You're dodging everything I said in the post, by saying I'm misunderstanding your posts. (If we're both misunderstanding each other this much that would be bad but I don't see exactly how I'm misunderstanding what you're saying.)
If you really think I'm misunderstanding your posts in a way that's harmful to the town right now, you should be correcting what you said or what I misunderstood about it. If I'm getting everything wrong I really would like to know that.
Also referring to me voting someone I SR as "wanting a mislynch" is very scummy to say imo
I can't even explain how bad this sounds
Hm, must be me then.
I just feel like half-way through D2 is a weird time to be looking back at the rules
This doesn't make sense to meTheHorla,772,Reading upRorschach,1,[No mods this is not a duplicate it makes sense if you play the game. I'm sorry that my initial setup looks like spam. We'll be using all three threads. They're not the same.]






The rain falls steadily, the castle rising up.

The carriage we follow in this wet muck sprays up mud every few yards or so, drenching any passerby more than they were before. The rickety shaft of the undercarriage creaks and groans, before the vehicle eventually comes to a stop, the horses pulling it whinnying in annoyance.

Yet another dark carriage in the line tonight, outside the front gate. Some of their inhabitants were invited and came readily...others...not so much.
Thrown in like sacks of potatoes. Today the thunder does not rush across the landscape. For this is a sad day. This is a day someone dies.

This is Mafia.

Please read the following information carefully. Many rules are not the same, and the setup is atypical from what you are familiar with. Do not sign up until you have read how to sign up.



Spoiler: What is Mafia?



Mafia is all about lies and charisma, or at least synthesized charisma. The game typically follows a cycle of discussion whereupon a player is voted out of the game, followed by a cycle where silence reigns, and players may submit their actions which could include such types of things as protection, killing, or investigation.

The game is normally composed of 2 main factions, an uninformed majority, traditionally referred to as "town" or "village," and an informed minority known as "mafia" or "wolves." The wolves' goal is to equal or outnumber the townies, while the town's goal is to eliminate all wolves.

Sometimes there are additional alignments, such as additional mafia factions, or third party roles which can win with any side, or with nobody else.






Spoiler: The General Rules



These rules do not follow a priority system. They are considered sacred, and will not take precedence over one another. These rules may be pre-empted by more game-specific rules, but unless you are explicitly told otherwise either in an official DM by me, or by a specific rule governing a thread posted by me, these rules are hard and fast.

Obey all rules associated with the forum.
Do not discuss the game outside of this thread or host-approved DMs.
Play towards you or your alignments win condition.
Do not post anything in the thread after you die. Memes are fine, as long as they are not game related in any way.
Do not post game related stuff during the cycle at which actions are traditionally resolved. (This is normally referred to as a "night" phase.)
Do not post anything I send you in a DM in any way. This includes copy-pasting, screenshotting or capturing images in any other way. I will give you explicit permission if you are allowed to share something. Otherwise, assume you are not.
Paraphrasing things is fine.
You may not delete your posts, nor edit the post such that the content of the post's meaning is changed. This means only fix grammatical or spelling mistakes if you are editing your posts.
This game will be run across three threads. You will only need to keep track of 2, and only one of those two will have discussion at a time. (Traditionally referred to as a "day" phase.)
As a moderator, I am not bound to always tell the truth. I will avoid lying where possible, but to keep the integrity of the setup, it may necessitate explicitly lying about certain functionalities until they have been triggered.
Nights will be action phases, while days will be discussion phases.
Alignments in other threads are not indicative of alignments in this thread, and vice-versa.
I will not respond to in thread tags.
I will not answer questions in thread.
I will not read questions in thread.
I will respond to my oldest DMed question first. So if you spitfire, sorry it's just I gotta handle the load in one order or another.
You may not discuss a different game in a different thread. (No discussing Game A in Game B's thread.)
This includes Game A/C Combos. Even if you're not playing in both, you may not discuss the one you're not in in your host thread.

I could lie and say that flavor isn't alignment indicative, but that would be a lie. Flavor could be alignment indicative. Or role indicative. Or both.
Duplicates are possible. Even flavor duplicates.

Vote ties are not necessarily handled the same way cycle to cycle or game to game. If not specified at the start of a cycle, assume that it is whoever was at the higher number of votes the longest.
If Player A has 8 votes and Player B has 7 votes, then someone votes player B, player A is still lynched.
If instead someone unvotes player A, player A is still lynched.

No roles are banned from play. This includes OG Jester which kills everyone when it wins.
The bot is doing vote counts. (Thanks Mark.)
Due to the nature of the setup, hydras are discouraged but not outlawed.
THERE IS NOT DEAD CHAT. 
THERE IS NO SPECTATOR'S CHAT.
YOU DO NOT RECEIVE THE ROLE LIST UPON DEATH. 
YOU MAY NOT DISCUSS THE GAME UPON DEATH.




The following three spoilers will discuss specific rules that are different between the three concurrent games. Signing up for game A or game C will also sign you up for game B.


Spoiler: Rules: Game A



As with the previous rules section, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game A's thread specifically.

The capacity of players in this thread must be at a maximum, one less than the capacity of players in Game C. For preference, this game will have two less players than Game C. It runs most optimally with 9 or more players.
Being lynched in this game means you lose the game. Winners get to live to tell about it. Losers do not.
The game follows a traditional layout of Day Discussion and Night Actions. Cycles will last approximately 48 hours each (Night=48hrs, Day=48hrs), but will be updated at the start of each cycle to clarify as needed.
The order of operations for this game is hidden. As such, you will not receive it if asking.
The "town," or uninformed majority faction will be referred to as the mafia. The informed minority will be referred to under any of the following names: "werewolf," "sleeper agent," "wolf,"or "machine why is this so unnecessarily confusing"






Spoiler: Rules: Game B



As with the previous rules sections, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game B's thread specifically.

The capacity of players in this thread is at a minimum the summation of the number of players in Games A & C.
Atypical of traditional mafia games, the discussion phase will be referred to as "Night" while the action phase will be referred to as "Day." Cycles will last 48 hours each. (Day will be 48 hours, Night will be 48 hours)
This game will start on "Day 1," meaning it will start on an action phase.
No roles will be handed out for this game until the end of Day 1's cycle. Roles will be assigned as follows:
During Day 1, you will choose a player in the game, and a flavor for them. A role will be assigned based upon that flavor.
Flavors should be something you would borrow or rent from a library or archive. This could include any of the following types of items:
Books
Movies
Music
Journalism
Photography
Or others...

You may not choose yourself as the player to receive the flavor.
You may not coordinate to ensure that everyone receives a flavor. Some books are not yet written...
If a player receives multiple flavors, they may experience any of the following:
Be given the option to select one.
Automatically redirect the flavor onto someone else.
Receive all flavors as their flavor.








Spoiler: Rules: Game C



As with the previous rules sections, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game C's thread specifically.

The capacity of players for this thread is at a minimum, one more than those in Game A. It works best, however, with 11 or more players.
If you are lynched in this game, you are considered to have lost. Winners get to eat cake, and the dead do not eat...or do they?
The game follows a traditional layout of Day Discussion and Night Actions. Cycles will last approximately 48 hours each (Night=48hrs, Day=48hrs), but will be updated at the start of each cycle to clarify as needed.
The rules for this game are subject to update. At the start of each day or night, any updates will be shared in that start post.






Spoiler: Links to Games A, B, & C



Game A
Game B
Game C





Spoiler: Important Mod Posts



PreGame: Flavor Announcements
Day 1 Start
Day 1 End
Night 1 Start
Day 2 Start



Game C:


Spoiler: Living Players



@Gikkle
@10000 Jelly Doughnuts
@Azmimel
@Grones
@Skrimiche
@Red_Pandas
@DAREALMoneyMan
@Mitochondria
@TheHorla
@HunterC98
@CjBeats
@Vizier





Spoiler: Dead Players



@MrEevee7 (Night 1)





Spoiler: Backups



@Venusaur
@Illwei





Spoiler: Spectators



Thaum is the only person allowed to spectate.





Spoiler: Previous Games



Game I
Game II - Minecraft Edition
Game III - Minecraft Mobs
Game IV - Blitz Mafia
Game V - Food Mafia
Game VI - Music Mafia
Game VII - Super Smash Bros
Game VIII - Pokemon
Game IX - Terraria Edition
Game X - Mega Walls
Game XI - Video Game Music Mafia
Game XII - Yu-Gi-Oh
Game XIII - Time Travel Mafia
Game XIV - Night of the Living Goo’s
Game XV - The Library
Game XVI - Kits and Classes U-Pick
Game XVII - Star Wars
Game XVIII - Greater Idea Mafia
Game XIX - Comic Book Edition
Game XX - Chaos Rising
Game XXI - Final Fantasy: ExDeath’s Summon
Game XXII - Hypixel Mafia Players Mafia
Game XXIII - Night of the Living Goos: Part 2
Game XXIV - Pokemon Edition
Game XXVI - Murder in the Northlands
Game XXVII - Video Games
Game XXVIII - Desolate
Game XXIX - Amusement Park Mafia
Game XXX - Restaurant Mafia
Game XXXI - Night of the Living Goo’s Part 3
Game XXXII - Mark’s Hydra Hell
Game XXXIII - Alliance Mafia
Game XXXIV - Ancient Rome Mafia
Game XXXV - Space Mafia
Game XXXVI - Summer Vacation
Game XXXVII - Dawn of War (DnD)
Game XXV - Hypixel Mafia Players Mafia 2
Game XXXVIII - Applying to College
Mini-Mafia 3: Logical Fallacies Edition
Game XXXIX - Evolution Mafia
Game XL - Don’t Starve Mafia
Game XLI - Historical Figures U-Pick
Game XLII - The Suffering Game
Game XLIII - Minecraft Mafia
Mini-mafia 4: King Edition
Mini-mafia 5: Chess Edition
Mini-mafia 6: Meme Mafia 1
Game XLIV - Finale
Game XLV - Year Long Mafia
Mini-mafia 7: Ryast’s Mini
Mini-mafia 8: Jojo’s Bizarre Mafia
Mini-mafia 9: Persona 5
Mini-mafia 10: Kirby’s Mafia Adventure
Mini-mafia 11: Meme Mafia 2
Mini-mafia 12: Playing Cards
Mini-mafia 13: Profound Mafia
Game XLVI - DEFCON Mafia
Game XLVII - A Forgotten Temple
Game XLVIII - Halloween in January
Game XLIX - Mafia Hotel
Game L - A Test of Faith
Game LI - Evolution Mafia 2
Mini-mafia 14: Operating Room
Mini-mafia 15: Diffusion of Power
Mini-mafia 16: Simulation Mafia
Game LII: Conspiracy Mafia
Game LIII: The Legend of Zelda Mafia


TheHorla,2,What's Carpe Jugulum?Rorschach,3,Seize the throat.Azmine,4,HypeGrones,5,Game CDAREALMoneyMan,6,Why is Ryast in both games A and C Grones,7,Shouldn't this be Game C? Also, why is Ryast in both games A and C?Rorschach,8,Cause I'm not very good at hitting backspace a ton of times after copy/paste decides to put an extra space between every line.Rorschach,9,Rectified.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,10,Let's go!Rorschach,11,HOKIES!!!

BA DA DA DA DA DA DAAAAAAAAAAAAAA DUMMMMMMMHunterC98,12,Welp, the games are fixing to begin eh?TheHorla,13,Quick test here:

[vote]mark[/vote]DAREALMoneyMan,14,Quick, hammer mark pregame

[vote]mark[/vote]TheHorla,15,[vote]ryast89[/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,16,Pregame RVS?Skrimiche,17,eRorschach,18,




Esther surveys the room from her high backed chair, her gaunt frame unnerving. The room is littered with damp sacks, some of you climbing out of them. Some of you have been here for a while, chatting idly over tea. In the center of the room is a large cage, covered in a cloth, something rattling at it from the inside. 

"Welcome...to the game. Everyone. You have been briefed on the rules, and if not...well. They are publicly available to you." Esther says, pulling out a pen and holding it, pointing to a bulletin on the wall with the rules. "When you choose who to lynch for today, Chef says he's on vacation. So unfortunately we'll just have to drop them in there." She says, smiling thinly, pointing to the cage in the center of the room, where something growls from the inside. "Well...I shan't keep you...You must have so much to discuss..."

Day 1 starts Now. It ends at 7:45 pm, EST on August 3rd. Twilight will last until 9pm of the same day.Grones,19,Yarrr me hearties! Aweigh anchor and set sail for hammertown!Skrimiche,20,what is up gamersGikkle,21,10000 Jelly Doughnuts,22,[Vote]Skrim[/Vote]
!Gikkle,23,[VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE]Rorschach,24,@Gikkle
@10000 Jelly Doughnuts
@Azmimel
@Grones
@Skrimiche
@Red_PandasGikkle,25,Great minds think alike!Rorschach,26,@Red_Pandas
@DAREALMoneyMan
@Mitochondria
@TheHorla
@MrEevee7Rorschach,27,@HunterC98
@CjBeats
@VizierGrones,28,[vote] Skrim [/vote] make the wench walk the plank!Gikkle,29,Bandwagon moment
susVizier,30,[Vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts[/Vote]Grones,31,yar har har, ye landlubbers got no mind for naval strategy like ye ol' capt'nVizier,32,CAPTAIN!Skrimiche,33,im feeling like absolute buttcheeks so im not actually gonna play the game /sGrones,34,AYE ME HEARTYSkrimiche,35,not sure why a townie would post this even in RVS. seems like something only scum would do for townpointsVizier,36,LOOK!Grones,37,NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NOGikkle,38,Ah... I am so hungry... But food is so far away....Skrimiche,39,ehh, the game's barely started, doesnt really seem alignment-indicative to me. just a heehoo funnee attemptSkrimiche,40,just because it's RVS doesnt mean scum cant slip. i see zero reason for a town!skrim to have posted thatSkrimiche,41,like i said, it was probably just them trying to crack a joke.

+ other people have done similar things in the thread. why havent you been going after them?TheHorla,42,hey guys remember 3 votes is actually nearly halfway to hammer lolGrones,43,Alas me hearties, the lass "Skrimiche" is but a scurvy landlubber stranded at sea, lost her mind.Skrimiche,44,where? i havent seen anyone else try to deflect suspicion off of themselves with a flimsy AtE excuse. if im wrong then go quote themMrEevee7,45,[vote] mito [/vote]Gikkle,46,look at this person, talking to themselves. Insanity!

Though, I myself don't actually have any idea whats going on. Where am I?Skrimiche,47,this is just a waste of time. i shouldnt have to hunt them down for you

[VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE] stop being hypocritical with your readsGikkle,48,[VOTE]MrEevee7[/VOTE]Skrimiche,49,annnnd there's the chainsaw defense! found another scum. [VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE]MrEevee7,50,Omgus
[Vote] gikkle [/vote]TheHorla,51,Skrim you're making me giggle lolSkrimiche,52,but you voted mito?Grones,53,ye be at sea, but that be already beknownst to ye, ye conspirator. Ye and that lass Skrimiche be pirates flying the jolly rodger on open seas!

[Vote] Gikkle [/vote]Skrimiche,54,oh wait i see
disregard silly ol meMrEevee7,55,[vote] grones [/vote]TheHorla,56,What the **** is that pfpMrEevee7,57,Are you townHunterC98,58,crunchitize me capn.

Wait, hows the quote thingie work if the click quote doesnt quote?Vizier,59,Groan

Skrim is confusing me.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,60,THEY COME TO THIS PLACE WHEN THEY KNOW THEY AREN'T PURE!TheHorla,61,
Who are you guys?Rorschach,62,Hunter
ArraTheHorla,63,I repeat the question.HunterC98,64,wazuuuuuuupRorschach,65,From Chucklefish. They're in the discord.Grones,66,Ye click th'reply button, ye freshwater politicianVizier,67,Poyo!TheHorla,68,aaaahhhhhHunterC98,69,oooooooooh...well what does the quote thingie do?Skrimiche,70,no

sorry ;-;TheHorla,71,:Waves:HunterC98,72,skrim is an adorable bat, i see no problems.Grones,73,All yer quotes be stowed away below decks, ye press "insert quotes" to rouse those lazy landlubbers and bring em to yer postMitochondria,74,more like
amiright fellas???Vizier,75,Amgry Poyo.HunterC98,76,ahh, gotcha, thank you!Grones,77,[vote] mito [/vote] this mitochondria science wizardry be black magic, a terrible omen from the heavens, take him to the plank!Azmimel,78,Hi friendsMitochondria,79,oh captain my captain, if you wish for me to die, then die I shall

[vote] Mito [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,80,I would be very suspicious about the votes nearly getting a hammer this time, but I remember this game runs smaller than what we’re used to.HunterC98,81,yeah....i'll call that pun a lynchable offense...
[Vote] mito [vote]Azmimel,82,Quick hammer mito?Mitochondria,83,do it you won't10000 Jelly Doughnuts,84,For future reference, you got to have the slash at the start of the second vote.

just in case that helpsAzmimel,85,No, cause I appreciate that game C gets to say mito is hereHunterC98,86,Ahh....whoops.
[Vote] mito [/vote]

Edit: just to say i properly voted.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,87,Fair enough, but do you have any reasoning why you did that in the first place beyond random voting?HunterC98,88,nothing beyond a sinful punAzmimel,89,Scum team

Eevee
Mito
Panda
SkrimGrones,90,Throwing jests to the wolves, methinks Gikkle and Skrim be conspirators, plotting vile mutiny!

This be a landlubber's shot at pretending not to know the wench, typical freshwater lies. Gikkle may be a scurvy bastard, but he's the eye of the crow's nest for wizardry, no use pretendin to be a fool. Away with them! 

[vote] Gikkle [/vote]Grones,91,Skrim be a vile, lying lass, a stowaway here for vile mutiny!Gikkle,92,I have literally no idea what you're saying.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,93,Scum team:

Grones
Mark
Panda
YouAzmimel,94,Yeah id be okay with that10000 Jelly Doughnuts,95,That would be a stacked team.Grones,96,More lies! Yar har har! Ye be foolin us to think yer heads filled with saltwater!Azmimel,97,Exactly, I wouldn't mind. Except Mark would get lynched too earlyGikkle,98,I admit it, it was a lie. I don't have "no" idea, since I did have SOME idea. I apologize for this horrible offense, second mate. But your pirate speech is confusing, so I don't quite understand what you're trying to say...Azmimel,99,Lynch all liars!

[Vote] gikkle [/vote]Rorschach,100,Before someone asks again.

The town/village win condition is to:
1. Survive
2. Remove all threats to town.Vizier,101,Aye, this is a mutiny capn. Hand over all the bananas and gunpowder.

[Vote] Grones [/vote]HunterC98,102,i vote we test the captain for scurvy.DAREALMoneyMan,103,There is an impostor among us, and he is ourselves

[vote]chucklenuts[/vote]TheHorla,104,Oh, since we're all talking funny:

Heyday ho

pleasen no lynch mesa. Grones isa mafia, mesa thinkHunterC98,105,i wont lie...i was very tempted to change my vote over for the jarjar talk10000 Jelly Doughnuts,106,[Vote]Mark[/Vote]
Jar Jar speaking should be a policy lynch.Red_Pandas,107,


Azmimel,108,I personally am a fan or itVizier,109,Die, they must. 

[Vote]Mark[/Vote]Mitochondria,110,Why?Azmimel,111,I dont think he's randomly accused someone based on gut yet, that's a big tellGrones,112,YE WRETCHED BABOON! I'LL HAVE YE AS SHARK FEED ERE THE WIND CHANGES! 
[vote] Vizier [/vote]Grones,113,I be a lying, murdering, pillaging captain, but no mafia ever lay in me bunk with me. Me hands be clean.Mitochondria,114,Eh, maybe, but I think Pi's been fine so far. The only Pi-adjacent post that I haven't liked thus far is this one from Gikkle:

And I really can't explain why. Something about the post's tone (too serious? too dismissive? idk) just rubbed me the wrong way when I was skimming through.Grones,115,Gut? Gut?! I'll gut ye like a fish, ye scallywag.HunterC98,116,fair thinking, but is that a tell?Mitochondria,117,The Gikkle post? Obviously it's too early to really tell but I think it could be, weirdly defensive or dismissive responses to anything that could be perceived as an attack definitely isn't uncommon scum behavior.Red_Pandas,118,ikr I am so goodRed_Pandas,119,I think pi's pirate talk is funny and therefore Pi is hard town
I will not listen to any opposing argumentGrones,120,That post by that wretched mutineer Gikkle mayhaps be the fruit of his heavens-imposed speech impediment. He be playing the part of a confused, sun-dazed landlubber, away at sea, and far from his lass, for far too long. Aye, I remember when I was but a wee lad aboard the HMS Bictory, just a wee deck swabber I was, a cabin boy. Sick to the guts!Red_Pandas,121,gikkle instant scum for no pirate speakGrones,122,Me first mate rises!Red_Pandas,123,anyways, [VOTE] Rorschach [/VOTE]
I really can't shake off the feeling that they've somehow orchestrated this all
what exactly they may be planning is beyond me, but I know they're up too somethingMitochondria,124,nah, he wasn't doing the confused act for his first three posts of the gameHunterC98,125,how many times were you told to scrub the poopdeck?Red_Pandas,126,Aye, captain!Rorschach,127,Quite a few times unfortunately. On his first day he took the name a little too literally...Mitochondria,128,this is a dumb speculation read, but i think there will be scum among the people with post modifiers (and if one flips scum, the other(s) are prob town)Red_Pandas,129,TMI??
No post modifiers are in sight I think this is tmi!!Mitochondria,130,based, you got meHunterC98,131,post modifiers?Mitochondria,132,pi's pirate posting, skrim's schizophrenia posting, maybe gikkle's confused postingMitochondria,133,Post modifiers are basically just any parts of a person's role that require them to format all their posts in a certain way.HunterC98,134,ahhhh, gotcha...Gikkle,135,I think I'm more hungry than confused, to be quite honest.Grones,136,Mayhaps she be a truly disturbed lass, afflicted by rot of the brain, not a "post-modifier"Grones,137,Me life at sea as a young cabin boy was torturous! But now I be the most feared pirate and used car salesman in the seven seas!Mitochondria,138,You didn't seem very hungry in these posts


Is there any way anyone can give you food to help you out?TheHorla,139,Nosa reason, me just needed sometten to sayen in disa amusen translatorGikkle,140,I don't have a post modifier, I think. I'm actually not really sure yet. We'll have to wait and see.Mitochondria,141,okay fair

i'm so sorryGrones,142,Mito smells afoul to me, alike a gutted fish left out to rot in the Sun. Only good to throw overboard! Mito ne'er defends a soul 'cept when he be a foul mutineer! He be seekin to put the cap'n in his trouser pockets! Hardy yar yar!TheHorla,143,It's okeedayMitochondria,144,hey i can be selfless HunterC98,145,oh? Do you have early automobiles? im a big fan of the older models...Gikkle,146,Well... There is ONE way... But you might not like it... You see, it involves human flesh...Grones,147,[unvote] [/unvote] 
Yar Marky! Is this be the way to unvote, to appease the god of the seas, "vote count bot"?Grones,148,Aye we carry anything a landlubber would desire in their dark, nasty, landlubber heartMitochondria,149,How much human flesh?Grones,150,The only powerhouse on this ship will be used combustion engines! Yar har!TheHorla,151,YesaHunterC98,152,oh good..ill have to come and do some perusing for anything of interest...Grones,153,Methinks Hunter be loyal to the cap'n. He be returnin to the high seas after years of being away, surely he be wary and lurking beneath the depths, if he were a mutineer! Timid, scouting the waters! But he be in the fray, fighting with his cutlass like the best of us!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,154,I didn’t even consider Pi’s posting to be a restriction, I just thought he was like that this game.

I may be stupid, lol.

But anyway, I don’t think restrictions are AI at all, I can’t see mito’s argument tbh.Gikkle,155,Well... The exact amount remains to be seen.Gikkle,156,I thought we were just doing this for fun, to be honest.TheHorla,157,Me'm finden disa so fun dat me think me'm goen to keep it tup.Grones,158,It be no restriction! I be struck down by the heavens with this curse, but I will become more power than you could possibly imagine!






Yar har, I drifted to the wrong franchise, for a moment there lads. The sun and years at sea be taking a toll on this cap'n's mind.Grones,159,Away with ye, ShylockVizier,160,What if I need a new ship?Grones,161,Take yerself to the shipyards then, ye scurvy dog! This cap'n sells only used cars!HunterC98,162,i be a little rusty with my sword, more akin to my pistols and muskets..10000 Jelly Doughnuts,163,Did my car’s warranty expire yet?Grones,164,O not yet, no lass! But ye must be here for yer car's extended warranty! For a mere 9000 gold pieces, yer vehicle be warranted and safe to ride the streets of Port Royal for years (two years) to come! Ah! To the plank with years! Fork over yer firstborn and yer car be warranted for a decade!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,165,Sorry, my firstborn has a contractual obligation already.HunterC98,166,ooooh, is that the new payment method?Grones,167,Damn that thieving Rumplestiltskin! That scurvy dog! Freshwater kleptomaniac! Stealing me customers!Red_Pandas,168,technically my role pm never said what alignment I am so I may be scumSkrimiche,169,explain owoSkrimiche,170,sussy
[VOTE]Red_Pandas[/VOTE]Grones,171,
Scarrrrred arrrre ya?MrEevee7,172,Sadly no
I dont think any one of those is actually a post modifier tbh except maybe pi
When u claim neutral:
[vote] panda [/vote]MrEevee7,173,If you can prove you arent neutral evil you can stay alive for nowCjBeats,174,IM ALIVE.
IM KICKIN. 
I AM HERE.

I get to play with Mito uwu, how exciting. And my boy arra, who I shall defend with my life.


mfw10000 Jelly Doughnuts,175,That’s concerning10000 Jelly Doughnuts,176,Sadge, CJ forgets about me and Pi.CjBeats,177,Fear not my good jelly, I have not forgotten thee. I simply never play with the boy arra so it brings me much joy and excitement. OHO AND THE HUNT IS HERE TOO WHAT A GLORIOUS DAY. THIS GAME SHALL BE A SPLENDID GAME OF CAMARADERIE AND BETRAYAL.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,178,You mean trolling at an advanced level?CjBeats,179,I do not understand what you mean by that my good Jelly.Vizier,180,
Mh. No like.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,181,Oh. You will 

Gut, based on nothing, read: Gikkle town.Red_Pandas,182,yeah
well im obviously not neutral, because im mafia.
yeah maybeSkrimiche,183,i thought you said you didn't know your alignmentRed_Pandas,184,yeah but I got the mafia chat so im good nowSkrimiche,185,oh okay sweetSkrimiche,186,hey now wait just a diddily darn second here

did it not say your alignment in the title of your pm??Red_Pandas,187,I mean who knows, I COULD be a secret hidden neutral in the mafia chatRed_Pandas,188,why
why would it
be in the title?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,189,Pandas obvious jester?Vizier,190,Jesters win if they die by vote...Right?Red_Pandas,191,tbh I kind of think this is some sort of scum slip 
I dont know exactly how that would work but im sure thats not how the pms workRed_Pandas,192,I agree10000 Jelly Doughnuts,193,Yes. And Machine's a fan of the original jester that kills everyone else when they die.Red_Pandas,194,that sounds really exciting tbh I think you guys should vote me10000 Jelly Doughnuts,195,Nah, we'll NK you instead 

Someone's a vig, right?Skrimiche,196,@10000 Jelly Doughnuts is your alignment in the title of your pm/file?

sure it is!Azmimel,197,I don’t think we should lynch pandas today, but we should just shoot him. 10000 Jelly Doughnuts,198,It's just labeled 'Game C' and has the role contained within. 

Although I notice a lot of spelling and grammar errors within the file, so I think machine was in a rush or something. Dunno. What's it like for everyone else?Skrimiche,199,inb4 he made them all different so people couldn't cheese the gameSkrimiche,200,oh i see
i meant the name of your role pm file, not the hypixel pmAzmimel,201,are you that nervous about a joke post? don’t like that :3
That’s a good point.

Skrim/Gikkle/Mark/Pi

do any of you actually have a post modifier or are you just joking?Azmimel,202,we all made the pms so that would be NAI anyway

also don’t feel like we should be doing this to solve the game : (Red_Pandas,203,I haven't checked my file
ohh that makes much more senseMrEevee7,204,You know town isnt called mafia this game right?
Didnt machine say there are no jesters?Azmimel,205,maybe his post modifier is that he has to lie all the time? can’t see how this would be a good jester play. It’s way too obvious; I think something else has to be going on here.MrEevee7,206,You requested machine for a normal role pm tho so you dont have a file10000 Jelly Doughnuts,207,Lmao probably.
TBH, that's a pretty scummy thing to say. I've not seen town non-ironically say that.
Machine said that *anything* could be on the rolelist afaik. I could have misread the rules, but I think he said earlier that anything goes.Skrimiche,208,why would i be nervous because of you  

re: post modifier - joke

what do you suggest instead then
cause i dont have anything elseGrones,209,Aye me heartie! I be a cap'n and a used car salesman! Yarrrr!Skrimiche,210,why are we assuming people have post modifiers and using that to determine alignments/roles .-.Grones,211,Yarrr ye be a rude wench, ye be speakin to Mel10000 Jelly Doughnuts,212,Even if Pi has a post restriction, he's having too much fun and I love it. Lock town for wholesomeness.Azmimel,213,Idk, you’re the one who asked me to explain reads made during RVS. Why ask me to explain these reads and not the other one I made after it?? 
there were enough people acting like they had post modifiers that I thought it was a possibility.

remember pi’s worldeater role?Azmimel,214,heyyy do you have a post modifier or nah?Grones,215,It be a fool's errand to affix our spyglasses on th'heavens-cursed speeches. It be the gods playing a jest on ourrrrrr lives! Next scurvy rat to say a worrrrrd gets to be a man overrboarrrd!HunterC98,216,am i a joke to you?HunterC98,217,Redeemed. All is forgiven.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,218,Everytime I read your signature, I want a burger. Dang you.Grones,219,Avast me hearties! The signature be needin an update!Azmimel,220,do you like our pfp?? i picked it out please compliment me Azmimel,221,can’t dislike posts yet : (Skrimiche,222,for anyone else who was wondering if this was actually true or not:
///////
ily mel but my point still stands xoxo

duh, because i only care about things regarding me. uwu

i think the odds of another post modified worldeater are too low to give significant thought to atmAzmimel,223,love u too 
You ask why I thought post modifiers could be indicative of alignment/role and that was my first thought. my point is that if they are real we shouldn’t brush them to the side.Grones,224,th'signaturrrre be amended forrrr th'high seas!Skrimiche,225,ehh
i still dont think theyre important (or at least not something to be focusing on for today). only one person (grones) could be argued to have one. what does that tell you?Grones,226,It be tellin ye I be th'cap'n and ye best be harkening to 'im lest ye wish t'be a wench strrrranded on BarbadosCjBeats,227,uWu panda-kun open wolfing, what a glorious day! This game will be as easy as taking a baby away from their candy!

[vote]Panda[/vote]Scythe,228,ayieh10000 Jelly Doughnuts,229,Oh?
Yes, I do! I really could go for some pasta right now, not going to lie
CJ using uWu unirionically is scaryMrEevee7,230,pandas is definitely scum, but if they are a jester we should probably be careful about lynching them. 
[unvote] [/unvote]MrEevee7,231,it gets worse when you realize
a. they dont have a file
b. they said they already read their role and it didnt say their alignment.Skrimiche,232,coward! [vote]red_pandas[/vote]Grones,233,I be thinkin this speech talk be a waste of ourrrrr voyageGrones,234,Ye ruffians be speakin of a jester
10000 Jelly Doughnuts,235,
^
Specific beats general, and if someone had something in their PM saying they differed from the rules, that takes the reigns.CjBeats,236,Doth thou fellows really think the machine would throw a jester in this here game? Nay, panda-kun is quite simply a wolf who scumsclipped. Tis the only logical explanation for his actions, say I.Gikkle,237,I claim jesterGrones,238,Gikkle be a fine tarrrrget t'send overrrrboarrrd methinks10000 Jelly Doughnuts,239,why the hell are you doing weeb shakespeare speak?Grones,240,This be the second Shakespeare rrrrreference on this ship! A coincidence?Azmimel,241,It was the first thing I noticed when I read up this morning, so that's why I asked a question about it. Red pandas being jester feels a little too easy for me. Why was he being so obviously scummy?? That's why I suggested an alternate theory: a post modifier. But it's just that, a theory.


I don't know what it tells us because I don't know that much yet. I was just curious as to why some people were acting like they had one. Could be important in the future though.Azmimel,242,pandas rating one of my posts funny feels like a punch to the gut tbhGikkle,243,the alignment is in the title right
tbh I missed that completely and just thought "village #" was something to just describe me, not my alignment. My actual role pm doesn't have my alignment so I didn't know I was town until I asked for my win con an hour later lol.

So maybe pandas is telling the truth and since there is no title machine can change in the pms sent by panda he just had a role pm with no alignmentRed_Pandas,244,I may be dumb, but I'm not stupid
no I really haven't, machine told me my role in the pm
I think machine had given me a file already when I asked for a normal pm
yeah that's true
ew CJ saying uwu instant scum [VOTE] Cjbeats [/VOTE]
scum jest?
how does not having a file make it worse
and I got my alignment now im pretty sure it was just an error that I foundRed_Pandas,245,I reaaaaaally want to do funny talk somehow but I cant think of anythingHunterC98,246,hmmm....i say we give the man what he wants, what do you all say?
[vote] Gikkle [/vote]Red_Pandas,247,I find it really funny that I've managed to get myself almost consensus scum read by doing random RVS jokes

no, I am not going to stop.Azmimel,248,are you seriously going to write this off as RVS? fmlGikkle,249,consensus? By like 4 people?Gikkle,250,It's still RVS in my heartAzmimel,251,;-; I'm so confused right nowCjBeats,252,Who knows why any of us do anything in this accursed world?

let us look at thee panda-kun. An experienced member of this here mafia party. Are we to truly believe the man is a dumbfounded idiot? He is not! Panda-kun is an intellectual who scumslipped as his pms are different than our own! Tis the only logical explanation for senpai’s actions!Red_Pandas,253,yes, I will
tbh though the jokes did kinda suck
yeah pretty muchCjBeats,254,Let me enlighten thee. RVS means random voting sycle. You are welcome!Gikkle,255,Town members can't win after dying
Thus town and mafia will be equally scared of getting lynched
Anyone who acts like they are okay with being lynched is a liarCjBeats,256,Hunter me pal! What is thine experience with the game of mafia as we play now?Red_Pandas,257,Im pretty sure mine is the same as everyone else's but coolCjBeats,258,Did ye not ask the machine senpai for a role pm different then our own?


and yet, you my dear Gik claimed jester! Hmmmm suspicious!Red_Pandas,259,yeah I dont actually have a file
just checked
I had one for game A but then I moved to game C
so my alignment technically wasn't anywhere in my PM before machine added itAzmimel,260,I get what you're saying, but I also don't understand why he wouldn't have just questioned machine privately until he understood his role. Why does he benefit from announcing that he has no alignment in his role pm?? What does that do for him?? 


if it was a joke it was a terrible one. 


Oh, CJ, you are a saucy boy!Red_Pandas,261,yeah kind of?
it was just asking for my role in the pm instead of in the file
technicallyyyyy it wasn't a joke 
but I did announce it ironicallyCjBeats,262,Perhaps the machine senpai made an Oopsie woodsie? Could it be!? Is our senpai incompetent??CjBeats,263,There was once a saying back in the day of mine from whence I was born! Comedy is subjective! Terrible jokes are still jokes my dearest Azimel!Grones,264,This be a revealing day, we thrrrow Gikkle orr Skrrrim overboard! Hunterrr, Panda, and Cj arrrrre loyal to the cap'n, forrrr cerrtain!Red_Pandas,265,im afraid soCjBeats,266,And did the machine senpai give you your request in the different role pm?Grones,267,[vote] gikkle [/vote]CjBeats,268,Alas, perhaps we should lynch him instead! Oh what a great sacrifice we must make for our panda-Kun!!Grones,269,Cj ye best stop discussin rrrrrole PMs lest ye appearrr as a conspirator mutineerrrr t'me, thrrrowin the discussion overrrboardCjBeats,270,Enlighten me my dearest cap’n-kun, what is the problem with mistress Skrimiche on this day?Grones,271,[vote]cj[/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,272,I. I.

I'm intimidated. I won't lie.CjBeats,273,My curiosity shan’t be quenched, not even by my dearest cap’n-kun.Grones,274,She be talkin amiss, and I be seeing a vile connection betwixt herrr and th'GikkleRed_Pandas,275,can confirm
yeah I think machine Lynch would be a good idea
yesCjBeats,276,Oh to switch so fast in the heart of thee! What a glorious mind you possess!Azmimel,277,
hmmmm ok10000 Jelly Doughnuts,278,




Pi's reversal of his opinions is well within his normal town meta, I think. Therefore, I will say that Pi is a high TR of mine, and would rather not want him lynched.CjBeats,279,Then chalk it up to nothing more than a miscommunication! Non-alignment indicative say I!

[unvote][/unvote]
It is settled!


my dearest jelly! I am playing most seriously in my heart!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,280,This is 1000000000% cursed.Azmimel,281,I don't like how quickly you accepted that. Where did your certainty go?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,282,


HunterC98,283,uhhh....lets see..last time i played was...what? 5'ish years ago?HunterC98,284,appreciate the vote of confidence cap!Grones,285,Jelly be using jests t'avoid exposing herrrrself as a vile mutineer?Azmimel,286,this feels like the complete opposite of how she was last game, so I'm kinda ok with it,Grones,287,Arghhhhh10000 Jelly Doughnuts,288,Nah, I just wanted to make memes. That's all. I would say that I'd stop doing them, but that would be a lie, because they're funny. 

[Vote]Cj/Vote]

Something pings me about him, he feels wishywashy.

ANd yea, pi's that way too, but he's usually that way as town.Grones,289,Panda be town, no throwin o'erboard, cap'n's orderrs10000 Jelly Doughnuts,290,I disagree with him being town, but agree with not lynching. Hopefully we have a TK that can handle the jester.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,291,because I don't see scum pandas or town pandas being this way tbh.HunterC98,292,i feel too scrambled to make a fair assumption here.

cap'n seems busy being the spitting image of a proper town seafarer.

gikkle seems to be pure chaos.

cj seems awful authoritative, though that could be chalked up with trying to make up for missing some talk time.

jelly seems to be alright so far, a pinch quiet but i dunno how she plays to make a concern of that.

azmimel is either staying very quiet and stoking flames or just unavailable most often.Azmimel,293,Maybe if you explain the connection between Gikkle and Skrim I'd explain my read :3


He's either village idiot or neutral imoGrones,294,Let's brrring out the rum and play a game below decks! All ye scalleywag excuses for sailors, bellow out the scummiest, most treacherous words ye can


The cap'n'll begin

I be so disappointed I be a loyal one this voyage, I be hopin t'be a treacherous mutineer, but the gods declarrre me loyal to me post, th'CAP'NRed_Pandas,295,I feel like I probably would be dumb enough to make these jokes as bothAzmimel,296,the only reason why I could imagine anyone saying this is because they want to be lynched.Azmimel,297,trying to chat with my hydra partner :3MrEevee7,298,hes still lying about not checking the file, as he claims he doesnt have a file later on
so you knew your alignment, so why did you say you didnt?
scum != mafia, it just is evil roles. so jester would be scum as it makes town lose in the case that it is lynched
because you said you didnt read your file, but if you dont have it thats just an obvious lie that you didnt read it.HunterC98,299,aaah...yes that is a thing, my bad.Red_Pandas,300,eh
that doesn't mean I'm lying though, if I dont have a file then I didnt read it?
so it's still true
my alignment was never in the PM before I made the joke about it
after that machine added it
technically I didn't
I dont think jester is even in the game since everyones win-con is to stay alive and defeat the other faction iirc
but that means it's true??
also I did think I had a file
my memory is bad and its not something I thought was importantCjBeats,301,Twas explained away by the panda-kun! My certainty was replaced by uncertainty before being uprisen by a new kind of certainty!
Then ye are but a bab who I shall protect henceforth!


Is coming to an understanding wishy washy my dearest jelly? It is not!MrEevee7,302,no one says "i didnt read my book!!!" if they dont have a book. you were clearly trying to make an excuse for "not knowing your alignment"
ah yes, what a great reason to be town. "my memory is bad"

guys i claim scum!!!!
wait no my memory is bad im actually town!!!Grones,303,9 times out o'10, when ye landlubbers be assured and confident ye caught a scumslip rrrrelatin' t'role PMs, ye be sorrrely mistaken. This be a useless arrrrrgument made by lazy landlubberrrsRed_Pandas,304,as said previously, at the time I thought I had a file 
I never tried to make it an argument that I was was town but sure
I was literally just stating that I had mis-remembered it
also me claiming that I was mafia is the most obvious joke in history10000 Jelly Doughnuts,305,Rum? Rum?

Honestly: scum doesn't usually tend to say that they wished they rolled scum. It's a town move in my experience. Or at least I think so. Pi just keeps on being more townie somehow.
No one read the rules closely enough and it shows.
This is 100% cursed why am I in this game, I should suffer in the nexus instead why why why why whyRed_Pandas,306,im dumb be patient with meSkrimiche,307,pg 13 atm
[vote]CjBeats[/vote]HunterC98,308,okay, lemme be the first to come to the question, do we lynch off of all the nonsense in an attempt to knock out a bad guy or let time pass and use abilities to try and find stuff out?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,309,In most games, town tries to lynch everyday due to the information gained from the flip and the potential mafia member dead.

Here it may be less advisable because a lynch on someone is an automatic 'you lose' thing, so I feel like people are more hesitant this time.DAREALMoneyMan,310,I do not like that you are attempting to brush off his actions via of setup speculationGikkle,311,[VOTE]No-Lynch[/VOTE]
When's the last time we had a d1 no lynch? :3HunterC98,312,soooo keep yapping till someone slips?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,313,Based!
[Vote]No-Lynch[/Vote]
Yep, you got it. Eventually someone will vote dumb, pressures build and then scum slipping happens!CjBeats,314,Oh Gikkle-Chan, you wild man! Perhaps once I would’ve joined you on your quest to lynch not a soul, but alas, I have come to realize the benefit of lynching a person day 1. To not do so would be an inservice to the game!HunterC98,315,aye aye cap-errr...jelly.Vizier,316,You seem...Rather. 

Dead-set on lynching.CjBeats,317,And you aren’t my dearest Arra?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,318,I'm waiting for the time CJ says 'you saucy boy' unironically. 

I think I woke up in the twilight zoneSkrimiche,319,what if they just dont care about losing :3

im down
[vote]Skrimiche[/vote]

gikkle is quaking in his bootsVizier,320,Not particularly. I really wouldn't want more company.Grones,321,Arrrgh! Based! 
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Grones,322,Land ho!Grones,323,Argh! I meant @CjBeats10000 Jelly Doughnuts,324,CJ is a farming instrument?Grones,325,He'll be farmin votes 'ere the tide changes10000 Jelly Doughnuts,326,Also: weird thought: what if dead players were still in the game somehow.

Seems very weird that Machine would just ban dead chat and giving the rolelist.

Maybe there could be revivers. Idk, just seems odd to me.HunterC98,327,That could be interesting, but then the question is, what extent of knowledge would they come back with?Grones,328,The dead souls be sent away from Davy Jones locker because all 3 worlds be connected, methinks.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,329,The same bit of when they were dead, I think.
most assuredly there’s a connection.HunterC98,330,Which makes sense of the snippet of not revealing roles.HunterC98,331,guess playing it safe would be the smart thing to do..
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Grones,332,If ye were bettin yer life on it, which of these ruffians would ye wager is a mutineer?HunterC98,333,if i was to wager my doubloons against a soul, i would say one of the quieter ones...likely mito. just don't have enough to go off of to make a safe assumption.Grones,334,Aye! Mito be a treacherous cabin boy, but for other reasons.

Speakin of quiet ruffians, lurkin under the sea,
@DAREALMoneyManHunterC98,335,i wanted to ask about him but wasnt sure if i just didnt know his name he used.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,336,Explain?TheHorla,337,I don't 100% understand the pandas situation, but I learned the hard way last game that most of the time, "scumslips" related to PMs and formatting are usually just people getting confused.

Let me see if I read this right:
- pandas got his role in a PM, not a file
- the text of the PMs doesn't contain a wincon
- since you can't edit the title of a PM, machine forgot to tell pandas his alignment
- pandas noticed this, made a joke out of it
- people didn't realize that pandas wouldn't have known his alignment from his file title, since he got his role as a PM
Explaining away behaviour as a post modifier is bad logic and scummy. If we want to argue that player such and such is "obviously scummy" because of a "post modifier", we might as well hang up our towels and go home here.
Eevee is way too confident here for my liking.
Disappointed in gikkle for speaking sense here and not using this prime reaction fish opportunity.Azmimel,338,yea, but I also don't like the fact that he's trying to write it off as an RVS joke. I wouldn't lynch him either way, but I certainly don't think he's towny.
Not attempting to brush his actions off. I'm trying to figure out on earth he would inform us (apparently as a joke) that he had no alignment in his role pm. It was just a theory . I personally don't see scum or town doing that in any situation.Azmimel,339,I think they are, specifically because of this quote from the rules for game C
Grones,340,Mito be a snake charmer, a silverrrr-tongued succubus


Across the 7 seas, I've always known this landlubber to be a rotten soul from the malbolge. He be a seducer, a liar, a flatterer, a two faced duplicitous freshwater politician!

His treacherous mutiny sails on
He be a sower of deceit, he sets our ship along the wrong course, subtly like the Majesty's snake charmer he be.Grones,341,What be the cabin boy's agenda?Skrimiche,342,[VOTE]MrEevee7[/VOTE]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,343,Mmm, I disagree, but there's probably no reason to be setup speculating
Okay other than being a dnd monster, what did Mito do?
Why?HunterC98,344,i shall kick back and watch this show unfold til i have anything interesting or thoughtful to add.Azmimel,345,oh sorry i should've been more specific on which part. I think dead players will still have an impact on the game. I have no clue about revivers.TheHorla,346,Am... I the cabin boy? Or eevee?Azmimel,347,this is the second time you've voted a person pi has put under some sort of pressure with no explanation.Grones,348,Review th'rest o'me post, illiterate wenchTheHorla,349,Where did pi pressure eevee?Grones,350,Eevee, that dogMitochondria,351,I agree with Mark's take on the Panda situation. Don't fully understand what their confusion was and honestly don't care enough about this discussion line to spend the brainpower figuring it out, but odds are more likely they got confused and communicated their confusion poorly rather than them being scum that we caught right away.

I'm also mindmelding with Mark on his Eevee take (shows up, tunnels Panda, then dips; I especially didn't like the post he made asking Panda to "prove he's not neutral evil," it's a weirdly specific thing to ask for), but I'm super uncomfy with Skrim's naked vote on him and the underlying feeling that thread consensus is quickly shifting against Eevee. Quick shifts in thread consensus generally indicate that the target's town.

I'm not sure if I dislike this post because a) I'm annoyed that we're already starting our discussion about how Mito not living in the thread = scum (in which case this post is NAI and I'm just being emotional) or b) it's scummy that I get specifically called out despite the majority of the game having done nothing thus far.

Pi's read on me is bad and he should feel bad, but I like his play so far.

Pi and Mark feel town, sans the post I called out above I've been liking Hunter, Skrim's kinda weirding me out so light scumread, I guess scumread on Eevee too but I don't think Skrim/Eevee is a scum pair.Grones,352,And where be th'first time?TheHorla,353,@Azmimel are either of you ABBA fans? (Based on your signature, just wondering)10000 Jelly Doughnuts,354,ah okay yea.
I did, you threw out spicy insults and then refused to elaborate more lolGrones,355,I'll hang ye from th'highest mast with yer own innardsMitochondria,356,I'll sink ye ship before I hangAzmimel,357,oops I mixed up you and grones. But the point should still stand. She's voted people that others have put under pressure with no explanation. 
Don't know about azmine, but I sure am.Grones,358,He be seekin a pocketed sailor, and he be veering us off course, distracting us like a Siren's cry!TheHorla,359,An hour ago I impulsively scumread him for it, but:
- good chance eevee is confused as well
- scumhunting is good, considering that it'd be easy for scum to sit back and chill right now
- I agree with mito that a shifting consensus that eevee is scum is in general indicative that eevee is town (particularly considering that he's often considered an easy lynch)Grones,360,


HunterC98,361,fair, i may not have said it well, the second half of the message was supposed to be me saying i am not fully capable to make a firm guess because i don't have anything to compare it against.CjBeats,362,You are doing amazing my dearest sweet huntie-Chan.

Let us move forward on our conversation from the mister panda-kun! It shan’t get us anywhere doddling on about it! When does this here fine day end?Grones,363,@CjBeatsHunterC98,364,Day 1 ends tomorrow at....7:45 PM i believe?Mitochondria,365,If Pi or Hunter flips scum, I think it's decently likely the other flips scum as well. They've been pretty buddy-buddy all game (meta is fairly useless, but as a point of comparison from playing scum with Pi before, I remember he's not big on bussing teammates) and I'm still weirded out by Hunter shading me without committing to a Mito scumread stance and then backpedalling a bit when I responded (builds support for Pi's read without him really sticking his neck out there).

@CjBeats-kun uwu, what do you think of things so far?CjBeats,366,Such a long day, oh me oh my! Thank you dearest cap’n-Chan. I shall love you long time.Grones,367,One of these cabin boys will walk the plank, ere the day is done! E'eryone else aboard this ship be safe!Grones,368,Yer a bold oneMitochondria,369,Being controversial is fun Grones,370,LiberrrrralsCjBeats,371,I think things are just downright fascinating in this here game! A glorious tale of whodunnit taking place upon our doorstep!
I know not the reasoning on why people are scumming the Eevee-weevee, so I could use an explanation, but beyond that there confusion I do so believe the cap’n-Chan is a good lad. Huntie-wuntie-kun is newish, so I shall protect him for now. I do so believe that talking about panda-kun as we have done so much is becoming nothing more than a waste of time. That moment has passed. I would like to hear more from my dearest arra! A delightful, beautiful, man!Grones,372,Aye?Mitochondria,373,Very wholesome post but oh so very safe! Gimme something spicy, what's your hottest take about the game right now?CjBeats,374,My dearest jelly is a sneaky, sniveling, conniving devil bent on seeing this dearest world of ours burn to the ground upon which we stand!Mitochondria,375,Now we're cooking, how come?HunterC98,376,i was asked who i thought could be scummy and answered off of what i had...which still aint much...Mitochondria,377,That's fair - and to be clear, I've generally liked your posts thus far - but the point still stands. Wishywashy reads are never a good look because they're commonly used by scum to set up mislynches and erode the town's trust in other townies without the scum player needing to commit to the read or lead the lynch (both of which look bad when the target flips town).10000 Jelly Doughnuts,378,[JOKEVOTE]JELLY[JOKEVOTE]

oh god, everyone's doing weeb shakespeare and pirate speak. Get me outta here


---
I can see a wolf eevee, but I'm hesistant because he's LHF and I feel like I could be misdirected.

It's very weird cash hasn't spoken at all, but I don't think that's AI.

CJ feels... off for some reason, maybe the restriction is throwing me off, but it feels like some serious misdirection in his posts.CjBeats,379,Despite being how one may say active, she is too concerned with how people say things instead of they say! No notable contributions have come forth from her blessed heart, and I find that odd for someone of her stature and expertise!CjBeats,380,Right as I say such words she comes with the spice, oh my! Misdirection in what way my dear friend?HunterC98,381,alrighty, ill be sure to keep that in mind.Grones,382,Indra moment 


(Argh)Grones,383,Cj vs Jelly be a fool's errand, akin t'searching for the fountain o'youthCjBeats,384,Then consider me a fool, cause this one errand that I just must run! My curious heart shan’t be quenched until I do!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,385,Let me go through your posts real quick and find what sort of bothered me. It's very possible it's not your fault and I'm in shock from the PR.CjBeats,386,I shall await patiently with pounding enthusiasm for your return!MrEevee7,387,idk about anyone else but it says right in my file what my alignment is, not just the title of it. so machine shouldve still told him his alignment regardless of whether or not it was in a normal pm. i assumed this meant he was neutral as normally neutral just comes with the roll and no statement of alignment
and then he started talking about his file, which seemed scummy to me as he shouldnt have one based on his request, and he also said he didnt read his file, which would be a pointless post to make if he had read his pm where his role should have been, so id assumed it was again, a lie.Azmimel,388,First post I could find related to his interactions with Pandas.





Eevee remembered that Pandas asked for his role in a PM instead of a file, and then fixates on Pandas saying he did not open his file where his role was because that shouldn't have been a possibility for Pandas. 

I feel like it's way too easy to scum read Eevee based on just his interactions with Pandas (which are the only significant ones he's had), especially since Pandas was creating confusion, which is not a townie thing to do.

Right now it's low-hanging fruit, and I'd like to see more from Eevee before I actually consider him to be a lynch target.

@MrEevee7 whatcha feeling right now?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,389,The hard part is that I do have issues with telling jokes and such over text. The post modifier is making it really difficult to tell if you're sincere or just playing it up. I try to keep it in mind, but you do seem to be trying to pocket people.
And then you make the argument that there was a scum slip despite not knowing anything about the format of the roles, especially because I can't really find an example PM anywhere that would justify the reason. Pandas was weird, but this is a confusing game.

Although saying you've never read your PM (pandas) is scummy, so that's agreeable
With Hunter
Hunter again, and then you were enlightened, but it reads to me like you thought this was a dead end thing.
Pi.

And well, you seem to have an odd relationship with Mito too, the 'spiciest takes' feels very forced to me.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,390,Spicy take: Neither Eevee nor Pandas should be in the lynch pool today.Azmimel,391,I'm okay with a no-lynch, but I want Skrim to explain why she voted CJ and Eevee.Grones,392,


Red_Pandas,393,setup spec good, this argument is not valid
that's pretty much right
I can get thinking pi has one but me being a bit confusing definitely =/= post mod
if anything its very normal for me to be confusing10000 Jelly Doughnuts,394,You know, when it feels like everyone's trying to pocket you, no one is. But there are like three people who did click agree on a lot of my posts recently.

EDIT: removed 'let me check' idk why I put that there.Azmimel,395,yeah, I got a little overeager thinking about post modifiers. 
I thought you didn't like CJ? Where are you on that?TheHorla,396,Why are you bringing up a no lynch so early?Azmimel,397,because three people have voted for a no-lynch so farAzmimel,398,just checked vote count, it's actually fourTheHorla,399,It just feels super weird to preface that question with that statementAzmimel,400,I mean if skrim doesn't explain her votes well then I won't be ok with a no-lynch.Vizier,401,
I swear I heard someone roll in their grave with that joke. Absolutely sickening.HunterC98,402,Sorry, that was me.Grones,403,
Grones,404,@TheHorla a used car for your thoughts?CjBeats,405,Me and mito-Chan’s relationship is one of resounding love, but that does not mean I would like to pocket. Alas, I know not the heart of Mito-Chan, so I cannot say anything about him! As for the other laddies you mentioned, I simple wish to protect huntie-wuntie on this first day as he has not played in many a moon. And is it wrong to love my cap’n-Chan for telling me when day ends? I think not! But that is the only reason I said such things, so i find it a stretch if you think that’s me trying to pocket the dear lad.

And one does know the format of a role pm, or at the very least one should! After all, we all received one from the machine senpai!TheHorla,406,Null on everyone except gikkle (light town for speaking up for panda) and lean scum on skrimiche for voting eevee.HunterC98,407,to be fair, a lot of what eevee has to say is either voting or straight calling folks out, not that i agree against him but it is something to keep aware of.Skrimiche,408,
i have my reasons, and if i dont make them public then that is also for a reason. :s

i dont think he is?

gimme a bit

scary ;-;Grones,409,Eevee be a mighty sailor, no LHF 
He be no mutineer, ne'erthelessGrones,410,Who ye be wagering be the mutineer, then?DAREALMoneyMan,411,Alas I am binging Ted lasso, I will probably be done with the season by the end of the day so I’ll do things then (TM)Skrimiche,412,also i voted cj because he had stinky energy but i dont feel like pushing him rnRed_Pandas,413,relatableAzmimel,414,Other head popping in! It's cause (you're his scum buddy) : )Skrimiche,415,prove it busterTheHorla,416,Maybe skrim and azmimel?TheHorla,417,To expand on this a bit: azmimel made some really poor attacks on panda (the whole pm speculation bit was bad, thinking that he had a post modifier that made him always lie was scummy, reading him as jester was scummy, not considering that he may have been a bit confused (and that he was telling the truth that he didn't know his alignment at the beginning) was scummy.)

Skrim naked voted eevee after I attacked them is scum-indicative, and mel immediately criticizing them (and afterwards weakly pressuring skrim) feels a bit more like scum distancing than actual scumhunting.Azmimel,418,Pandas came out and said that he did not have an alignment in his role pm, and then later claimed mafia. He did not claim that he was joking until later. That was confusing to me. I saw absolutely no reasoning for town or scum to have made that move, so I assumed he was a neutral who wanted to die. I don’t think that’s scummy.

I never speculated above role pms. In fact, I was very against it. I did speculate a bit about post modifiers, and yeah, I’ll admit I fixated on it a bit too much, but I was trying to figure out why on earth he would’ve decided to share all of this information with us instead of dming machine and figuring it out, which is what I would’ve done, and post modifiers were on my mind because of the earlier discussion. Was it a poor decision to setup speculate so early on? Probably. Is it alignment indicative? Probably not.

I don’t know why you think my argument against skrim has been weak. I haven’t voted her, that’s true, but I didn’t want to vote anyone until I discussed it with my partner.

this is the only post I made about role pms.MrEevee7,419,Idk tbh but i feel like some of the ppl on my wagon are scummy
Why? That's just straight up an anti town line of thought.Skrimiche,420,anti town? like an anti hero? sickSkrimiche,421,+ no it isnt

machine if by some miracle youre reading this i hate you for the no edit ruleRed_Pandas,422,I can see that, kind ofRed_Pandas,423,its been in mafia games like foreverSkrimiche,424,

Spoiler: cj stink pg 13









Skrimiche,425,yeah but normally i can edit in my afterthoughts when i post
now i have to double post and it's annoying for people trying to catch up TheHorla,426,There's a whole bunch to unpack here:
- if someone claims mafia, it's obviously a joke
- jokes are a thing, and don't necessarily imply that someone wants to die.
- I think it's scummy to read into his behaviour this much
- Making assumptions about the veracity of panda's claim that machine forgot to state his alignment is inherently PM speculation
- Re: why panda shared the info: when I read his posts, I found it funny that machine forgot to give him his alignment; that you didn't consider (or pretended to not consider) that he shared it because mod errors are funny is scummy.
- I didn't say that the post modifier speculation was scummy because it's setup speculation (but good point there, I guess that's one more reason to scumread you!). Your comment was scummy because trying to explain player behaviour by post-speculation ("they are lying/acting off because of mod instructions") is not a townie line of reasoning.
- Your argument against skrim is so far weak because I find it unpursuasive.Rorschach,427,*unpersuasiveGrones,428,Jokes aint always jokes arghhhSkrimiche,429,FIGHT ME YOU COWARDRorschach,430,Sure.
Skrim has been modkilled.

I win.

Skrim has been reinstated into the game.MrEevee7,431,How is it notTheHorla,432,What are you saying here?Azmimel,433,





1) From my point of view, we were out of RVS/the banter stage. Pandas said he thought it would be exciting if people voted him. That implies he wants to die.
2) He didn’t clear up that it was a joke until 30-45 minutes after, and during that time he was a major topic of discussion. The majority of players on at the time believed him to be a jester. He didn’t clear it up immediately even though he was online, which I found weird.
3) You’re telling me it’s suspicious to analyze a player I found scummy at the time? 


My argument was not about PM speculation because I was questioning why he shared the information with us. I was confused because I would’ve asked machine instead of sharing it with the rest of the players in the game. Because of this, I thought it might be a ploy to make himself seem suspicious and therefore get voted.





Proof that I never once speculated about what was actually in his PM, just that I wondered why he actually did it.


Once again, I didn’t understand why Pandas was sharing the information with us. So I tried to figure out why. Two things came into my mind. Jester, which was a common answer among the online players, and a post modifier. I thought of a post modifier because of what I’d been thinking about before with you, grones, skrim, and Gikkle.


My argument against Skrim is her votes with absolutely nothing to back them up. I made that point before you did, you just dedicated an entire post to it. Do you not find your own argument persuasive enough?Skrimiche,434,im sure youve had times where you didnt want to spell things out for a greater purposeGrones,435,Nothin 
Yar har harGrones,436,[vote] cash [/vote]Gikkle,437,I'm 2% closer to ending the world
better kill me before thenTheHorla,438,Not yet, actually! It's pretty weak right now. My argument is that you're making the same (weak) argument as I am, but to distance yourself from her.
*shrugs* Regardless of how you define the end of RVS, I did not take their posts seriously. I think you are taking some posts that were not meant to be taken seriously far too seriously, and tied yourself up in knots trying to explain them via post modifiers.
I think the majority of players that were on at the time were wrong about that. 
Yes, depending on what you're analyzing? See the comment above about taking things seriously.
Just trying to understand something here. Did you think he was telling the truth that machine forgot to give his alignment, or not?
I understand that! The facts here are clear. But I think your conclusion was wrong, and I find it suspicious that you came to the conclusion that it was a post modifier.MrEevee7,439,sure, but seeing as it is impossible to have mech info atm, i dont see how it could be that.
and not explaining reads, unless youre just being lazy, doesnt help town at all and makes you look like you dont have any actual reasons for them10000 Jelly Doughnuts,440,Except speculating on pms is useless especially for Req because he does make changes and edits to the template all the time.

Heck, he didn't even put a period in my pm, is that scum indicative?

Also Skrim, give your reasons, let's not play this gameSkrimiche,441,booooo

touché

Cj - I quoted the posts that pinged me earlier while I was reading up. I didn't feel like pushing him (I confess to being lazy!), and I switched off to Eevee soon after because that's a vote I have reasons for doing aside from gut.

Eevee - First, I thought Pandas scumslipped about his alignment not being in his pm. This was because i asked Machine earlier if the "village" in the title of my google doc was my alignment (because it wasnt in the contents of the doc), and he confirmed it. But then I thought about it some more, and realized it was more likely that it was just a goof & not an actual scumslip. Eevee pointing out the contradiction with Panda's PM (being on the hypixel forums and not a google doc) seemed townie to me, but his subsequent hounding of Panda afterwards didn't. You can argue that the attempt at gamesolving is townie, but to me, it looked more like scum going after low-hanging fruit.

anyways im dipping to pet some cats and my dog grandson, ciao o/Skrimiche,442,also the reason why i didnt elaborate on the eevee vote was because i wanted to see how he'd react to it & whether or not he'd continue to push pandasAzmimel,443,Are you trying to trick me into actual pm speculating? Either way, it doesn't change my argument. I found him suspicious because he volunteered the information, not because he claimed machine forgot to give him his alignment.

Oh, so you're not as confident as you seem. 
you're right, it probably wasn't meant to be taken seriously. However, that's how I took it at the time, and since I want to defend myself I am attempting to explain my thought process. 
My conclusion wasn’t that he had a post modifier, my conclusion was that something else was going on here. Post modifier was just an example of something else that could’ve been going on. 
HunterC98,444,where was this mindset back when i horsed around with bold talk and ended up getting myself lynched on just talking around?Grones,445,We be halfway to nightfall, best we line up some choice ruffians to walk the plank! 

I wanna see 
Mito
SkrimGrones,446,Gikkle 


Send them all to the plank!Vizier,447,What flavor stinky? Skunk, onion, rotten food?CjBeats,448,
What happened to me oh cap’n my cap’n? doth thou not know your own heart? What a spicy lad you are oh cap’n-Chan to change up so quickly! 

Mistress Skrimiche-kun, I saw thine post about my stinkiness, but alas I do not understand what pinged you about those? Will you enlighten my darling heart?

And to my dearest jelly, I have seen your point! Oh what a wonderful mind you possess!CjBeats,449,MY LOVELY ARRA OH TO SEE THINE FACE FILLS MY HEART WITH SUCH JOY!!

Tell me, my dearest Arra, doth thou have any thoughts?Scythe,450,"Shall I compare thee to a summer day?"
"You're both hot."Vizier,451,
Nothing really rattles around in this dead head of mine, but I figure I can dig something up to support an idea I have.CjBeats,452,Oh superb! I shall await your return with bated breath!Vizier,453,There's. Not a cupid/lovers role in this setup. Right?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,454,Days I wish I had a vig shotVizier,455,



Edit: Posted meme twice.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,456,You are exceptionally wishy-washy.

[Vote]CJ[/Vote]CjBeats,457,You no longer need one, for this comment is already a knife to the heart! Oh what a cruel, black, wicked, twisted, nasty heart you must possess to say such rudeness to one such as me!CjBeats,458,A man merely knows when to change his mind when faced with arguments that make sense! My mind is not fixed, it is open to one’s voices!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,459,Mmmmmhmmm
You're really wishy washy, not changing your mind with good arguments. It's more that anytime anyone puts any push back on your opinions, you drop back. You've done it like 4 times.Vizier,460,

TheHorla,461,I explicitly stated earlier that my scumread of skrim was pretty weak, so my "confidence" is really just a strawman.
No, you're getting paranoid. You assumed that pandas posting "I don't have an alignment" makes him scummy or a jester - what logically follows is that you assumed he was lying about not having an alignment. If you thought he was telling the truth, his statement is obviously NAI, since he made it before he had an alignment!TheHorla,462,There is literally figuratively nothing to use to form a mito read right now.TheHorla,463,Final thought: Grones is funny as heck, but most of his posts substantively add up to "I want to lynch mito and skrim" or "Thoughts?"Grones,464,A used car for your thots?Grones,465,Lies and deception, mutiny! He be a conspirator, I quoted the ruffian.Mitochondria,466,Pi, do you have an argument against me which doesn’t boil down to “oh he TRs me which means he’s scum trying to pocket me”? I’d hope yes if I’m one of your top lynch targets today Red_Pandas,467,I ran out of reactions, expect no communication from me for exactly 24 hoursMitochondria,468,Maybe this post? Idk, I guess I’m biased but I genuinely fail to see how any of this is scummy. First quote was RVS, second was genuine curiosity and trying to spark discussion, third was my read at the time and an attempt to get some non-RVS discussion going. Fourth is setup spec and thus bad, but ehRed_Pandas,469,the rule hasn't changed at all
probably..
we don't know for sureRed_Pandas,470,yeah tbh no ai in thereGrones,471,Yarrr! I be quoting yer crimes! Ye set us off-course with yer insinuation that post mods be alignment indicative/one o'them be scum! Subtle, but powerful derailing! Typical mutineering!MrEevee7,472,Why mito?
This does seem like a bit of an overreaction thoughRed_Pandas,473,trying to find out why you're scum read is not overreactingGrones,474,Arghh! I be explainin meself o'er and o'er!Grones,475,Jelly be sailing under our radar, methinks.Grones,476,[vote] Gikkle [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,477,
"Slipping under radar"
votes gikkle.

also smh at not reading any of my arguments with CJRed_Pandas,478,I really don't get the thread title tbhGrones,479,With respect, ye olde cap'n closes his eyes and scrolls past e'ery word Cj posts10000 Jelly Doughnuts,480,Oh okay, understandable why you missed it and scum read me. Have a nice day.Grones,481,SR ye? Ne'er said that! Don't ye be puttin words in me mouth like some kind o' freshwater tv show hostMrEevee7,482,No, it's not. But he could have awaited groness response instead of writing an essay. I just found it a bit odd is all.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,483,But you do so...Grones,484,Should I? 


Arghhh!Grones,485,But that were me reasoning! He be askin for me reasoning, and found it! This be a weird position to take, Eevee. I'll have ye swabbing decks for a week for this!Skrimiche,486,good news: the cats like me
bad news: im allergic to catsSkrimiche,487,onions are divine you take that back

sure, gimme a min

ahaha yeah ive never done that as town myself ahahaha
ahaha
aha10000 Jelly Doughnuts,488,Yes. Go on!MrEevee7,489,Well since he clearly wasn't satisfied with the reasoning id expect him to not say anything about it then attack you if thats all you said it was in case there were more reasoningGrones,490,So ye admit to being a scalleywag?!Grones,491,Why would he say nothing? Is he a mute? A dumb landlubber? No, he be a tricksy siren, speech be his gift.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,492,Yes

(I shouldn't have to do the joke here but I will)MrEevee7,493,So that he makes sure he doesn't attack you needlessly..? It's what i would do at leastGrones,494,Why would he be wary o'attacking me "needlessly"? He be scared o' me?Grones,495,This be no laughing matter!Skrimiche,496,On second thought, I agree with Cj on this? Whoops. Not sure why I thought it felt wrong. Might've been the "subjective" bit triggering a primal response in me.

The only thing he questioned from that list (Azmimel scumreading me/Gikkle + townreading Hunter/Panda/Cj) was the scumread on me, which is strange. I'm not sure why he would pick to exclusively focus on me there.

(Context: Grones offers me & Gikkle as lynch candidates, then votes Gikkle, then 2 posts after voting Gikkle tells Cj to stop discussing role PMs because it's derailing the thread*, then 2 posts after that votes Cj.
*@Grones did I get that right? Just wanna make sure I'm understanding the pirate lingo. :3)

I was going to say: "Cj shouldn't be calling out others for being wishy-washy when he's been doing it himself", but when I looked back at the actual posts I had in mind from him, I actually think the progression might be natural? He basically went through the same "Panda scumslipped" --> "Panda/Machine just goofed up" thought process as me, although he stayed at Stage #1 of that longer than I did.


Spoiler: Cj posts












@Gikkle what do you make of this^? My confidence is shattered and my night is ruined. :<Skrimiche,497,@ the cj debacle: im gonna sleep on it
and by sleep on it i mean im gonna forget about it until i remember that im playing in this game tomorrow and check the thread
o/Grones,498,Man, I have no idea, I, myself, lose half the meaning while typing up these posts

ARrghh I mean, ye be right on the trrrrreasure lass!HunterC98,499,isee that we have made a lovely circle of conversation....right where we started 'n such...10000 Jelly Doughnuts,500,You missed how he said I was scummy and then I gave a single response and he decided that was okay.

Hmmm. I don’t have an opinion on mark right now and that concerns me.Red_Pandas,501,very relatableTheHorla,502,I don't actually believe this, fyiTheHorla,503,Day 1 Votecount:
(2) nolynch: Gikkle, HunterC98
(2) cjbeats: 10000 Jelly Doughnuts, Red_Pandas
(2) gikkle: Azmimel, Grones
(1) mreevee7: Skrimiche
(1) chucklenuts: DAREALMoneyMan
(1) mitochondria: Mitochondria
(1) thehorla: Vizier
(3) Not voting: TheHorla, MrEevee7, CjBeats

You can view this votecount and all previous votecounts in the #votecounts channel in Discord.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,504,You can not believe it. I am saying this because as of this moment, it's true.

I'll go through your posts and see what I think after that.MrEevee7,505,[vote] gikkle [/vote]
@GikkleGrones,506,Argh! Well I don't be believing yer disbelief!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,507,

Spoiler: Mark's posts






PREGAME ^
---






























I think these are all of mark's post, did it by hand though so possible I missed one. Going to do a little step by step and assign arbitrary points to each post. These points add up to a fake final score that is entirely real and will determine my read.

Which will come in the next post so I can actually click on the quotes and read them as I'm drafting my response.
---

EDIT: hopefully fixed spoilers
EDIT 2: hopefully fixed spoilers?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,508,The first quarter of the day was rather weak until Mark enters in with his Pandas post, providing evidence to a joke gone awry. Nothing about the post is outstanding towny or scummy wise, although at the time it may have looked as a controversial opinion because of how everyone seemed to be whipped up into a frenzy about Pandas 'scum slip'
+1 Town Points

Asks about Pi pressuring eevee, which is incredibly NAI.

Goes back on his eevee read and admits it's impulsive, agreeing with mito. This I think marks the real end of the Eevee Pandas debate, although people would later also enforce their opinions on it.+1 Town points for admitting fault.

Dislikes a no-lynch, especially honing in on Azimel when at the time there were 4 people actually on the no-lynch train, asking none of them! I'm hesitant to call it tunneling, because it's not quite as aggressive as that, but in a couple posts down still thinks scum team could consist of Azimel, focusing on several things like Azimel considering Pandas to be jester. However, in the thread there were a fair amount of people considering jester as an option, why did Mark latch onto Azimel's posts about that and call it scummy? I feel as if there is some minor tunneling or busing here. +1 Scum points.

(Although looking at skrim's posts, they are rather weak in general, not providing reasoning until after someone calls her out on it bugs me as disinterested at the least and scummy at the most. Either way, NOT GOOD)

Mark continues to attack Azimel for things that other people did as well. +1 scum points. (Half the game was PM/setup speculating. Off the top of my head, Skrim and I did.)

Azimel sets up strawman; the argument continues. I'm now more leaning towards T/S or even T/T. I doubt S/S would use such terrible pushes to bus, and both Azimel and Mark would be fairly coordinated and careful on a bus if this were the case.

Final post is IIoA, heistant to assign scum or town intent to it, but I would argue that seems fairly out of character for him.

Final Score: 2 town points, 2 scum. An Azimel flip would be extremely helpful for resolving Mark; I think. If Az flips scum, Mark's a god-tier townie, because I don't see bussing in this scenario. If Az flips town, I'd hit mark with an investigative or a lynch.

Anyway, my thoughts on Mark. Minor ones on other people that have slipped under my radar.

---
Vizier (Arra): The vibes he gives off seem like someone rusty at mafia, not new. He has played in a couple minis here, but not ones that would justify his knowledge and apparent paranoia about lovers/cupid. I am extremely hesitant to say 'coaching' because that A: make me look like a jerk, and B: has bitten me on the butt of course. It's possible he researched and gained knowledge, and I think that my initial paranoia of 'COACHING?!!?!1!' is unfounded. Slight TR.

Hunter: TR. I have no idea how much Hunter has played before, but I'll assume he's new. He seems townie overwhelmed with learning the game. I think scum would provide more guidance in scum chat if he had rolled wolf. Of course, if Hunter does flip wolf, I think we can assume that wolves are inactive. 

Pi: Pi's town. I just feel it. Gut reasoning is of course bad, but he's acting like he does as town. 

Eevee: I think Eevee is a slight town lean for me, his confusion earlier with Pandas feels genuine. Also I don't think scum eevee naked votes like town does.HunterC98,509,If its anything worth mentioning, I was also aware of a Lovers style of role by Youtube....so that is a full possibilities.Gikkle,510,I'm not sure why you're tagging me specifically when I haven't really interacted with Cj but whatever

Also not sure if you are asking what I think of what you're saying about him or Cj in general

Your analysis is weird
One of your posts is like, why not just ask him why he picked the SR on you out of the others to question. Why make this statement without first asking Cj? Unless you did and I missed it...

I'm not too sure what the point of this analysis is if your conclusion is just "he might be town". Did you have some kind of big SR on him or something and this was supposed to be what made you turn around on that? I don't quite understand why you'd do an analysis on someone and just come up with "his progression MIGHT be natural", unless you strongly SRed them, but I don't see a reason why you would this early. 

Is this supposed to be some kind of test? I genuinely don't understand why you would make this post and not come up with a better conclusion than this.

My opinion on Cj? Idk, I haven't bothered trying to read him. Only people I've formed reads on are Mark(TR), Mito(LTR), Pandas(TR), and Eevee(LSR). Maybe someone else I've forgotten about, idk.Gikkle,511,How come you can't delete post drafts anymore :/Skrimiche,512,i did? p sure i only did it for like 2 posts before realizing it was a dead end

what other info would an azmimel flip give?

because i love you

i
...
hey @CjBeats why did you pick out the SR on me out of the others to question

i thought i had a (lightish?) scumread on him but then i lost confidence in it when i went to look at the posts that pinged me

gosh gikkle dont make me spell it out
it's 'cause im baaad ( ༎ຶ ۝ ༎ຶ )Red_Pandas,513,feeling good, might make 1 singular readGikkle,514,w.shoot Skrimiche
Mmm
Alright
What's your current read on Cj now then? Null? Light TR?
Sorry Red_Pandas,515,what do this meanGikkle,516,Information instead of analysisRed_Pandas,517,well I managed to read an entire ISO without forming any opinions at all
10000 Jelly Doughnuts,518,Information on Pandas. If Azimel flips scum, I'd say its safe to assume Pandas isn't scum.
That happens sometimes :/Skrimiche,519,if 1 is town and 10 is scum, then he's at about a 6Grones,520,Who ye ruffians be lynching?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,521,I'd be fine with a CJ or Azimel lynch for reasons stated somewhere in the thread.

Or you for the memes.HunterC98,522,about 6 hours till the notalynch happens, if someone is intent on going in the gallows, time is a running out..Gikkle,523,I think I'm top wagon rn
idek whyTheHorla,524,Why does gikkle have votes lolHunterC98,525,Oh? Welp, guess the gallows will be claiming a soul.....less folks wise up.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,526,Agreed, looks like some of them are for no reason lolRed_Pandas,527,[unvote][/unvote]TheHorla,528,Really don't understand the case against gikkle (literally none of his posts have registered with me.) Reading back, but until then [vote]No lynch[/vote]HunterC98,529,all i have on Gikkle so far is some very brazen remarks that honestly read as trying to bluff about an assigned role, and as much as i actually wanna vote for him..it just doesnt seem worth lynching in my eyes..Skrimiche,530,not me? ;O

also what
people are voting gikkle?HunterC98,531,A handful are, but right now looks like No lynch is winning.Grones,532,Yarrr! no lynching be a funny!

[vote] no lynch [/vote]TheHorla,533,You going to explain why you were originally on the gikkle wagon and are now switching off?TheHorla,534,Day 1 Votecount:
(4) nolynch: Gikkle, Grones, TheHorla, HunterC98
(1) cjbeats: 10000 Jelly Doughnuts
(2) gikkle: Azmimel, MrEevee7
(1) mreevee7: Skrimiche
(1) chucklenuts: DAREALMoneyMan
(1) mitochondria: Mitochondria
(1) thehorla: Vizier
(2) Not voting: Red_Pandas, CjBeats
The next votecount will be processed in 0.5 hours. You can view this votecount and all previous votecounts in the #votecounts channel in Discord.Grones,535,Methinks he be conspirators along the vile Skrimiche. Their RVS be more rotton than a landlubber's body left at sea.Grones,536,I be opposed to sendin ol' sailor Azimel down ye plankGrones,537,Both o' these 'ere sailors be experienced voyagers. They be from Port Chucklefish. 

Methinks yer Arra read be mighty suspiciousitious, on me grandmother's warts! Ye say ye be disregardin yer paranoia and yer seasickness, an' then ye reckon 'im a loyal sailor. If ye aint factorin in no coaching, none o'that, then what have ye to base yer read o'him? Ye mention but nothin else!TheHorla,538,Expand on this please?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,539,Why?
Yea but if someone starts playing mafia again after a break, it takes them a bit to get in the groove of things.
Also arra’s posted like 15 times, most of them being memes, calm a bit down in asking for a surefire read. I saw one post that was weird and then discounted it when I was being unreasonable.MrEevee7,540,[unvote] [/unvote]MrEevee7,541,Why are we no lynching..?Grones,542,Then why ye be readin 'im as a loyal sailor, instead o' null?Grones,543,erybody be voting Skrimiche off the plank early, an' Gikkle be mighty strange when he be doing it.


These posts be soundin' the bells o' enemy fire, methinks.

Voyagin on, he be letting out mysterious words

An' with no explanation o'er th'horizon

He be a dangerous pirate, methinksAzmimel,544,Reading up right now. One of us should be on for EoD.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,545,I said slight town read. Like so slight it nearly doesn’t matter.Grones,546,Hmmmmmm
Arrrrrrr ye suuurrrre 'bout that? Ye clearrrrly considered it important enough t'include in yer listAzmimel,547,[unvote][/unvote]

I didn't vote at all yesterday, so I'm almost certain that the Gikkle vote is from RVS.



I logged on a couple of minutes after he posted claiming mafia. I think the above is my first post of the day.I guessed this was a ploy by him to get voted, and that sharing the information about his PM was another way to make himself suspicious. It didn't matter to my argument that was he said was the truth or not, what mattered is that he decided to share it with us.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,548,I literally said above it: people who have been slipping under my radar. Smh illiterate pirate.Grones,549,Hmrrrrrr
Arghhhh
I be keepin me good eye on ye, tricksy sea dogRorschach,550,Guys remember to submit your flavors for game B, EOD is coming up and so is the deadline for that. Please submit it in your game B folder excel if possible, that automates things and makes the turnaround a lot quicker.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,551,Oh. Yea I should do that.DAREALMoneyMan,552,Just read and up and things. Not going to bother to give reads on people I didn't pay attention to. Even though I have done it in the past, I am disappointed people aren't following up on stuff they think is scummy just because jester is possible in this game. You guys are better than me!

Azmimel thingy



Spoiler: Full ISO




























































Spoiler: Notable Posts




Reported for bad takes. You are trying to rationalize his scummy behavior via "oh maybe post modifier!" 
I'd like to mention that I didn't find what Panda said about his pm not including his faction was scummy! If it was true, I feel like the other scum mates would notice, given the team follows the typical 1:4 ratio, they were missing someone. Back on topic, if you say he was being so scummy (even if obvious), why are you attempting to find an excuse for him (oh, he is probably Jester, or has a post modifier). Just because it is possible in the game does not mean you value it over dayplay. ALSO, a post modifier making you act scummy is stupid and I don't see Machine adding it. You could then chalk off all scummy behaviors to the modifier.
Because it was a joke? He was making light of the situtation?
Take note for later (referring to Panda).
It is always RVS for Panda (but I agree we shouldn't pass things off just because they say "oH it was RVS!"). You say here that you don't think he is towny, and referring to above post you said he was either village idiot or neutral. Thus, you think he is neutral in your own words. If you really thought he was neutral, why aren't you trying to see what type of neutral he is or voting him!
Town points here.

I have done this along with many other people in many other games. It is an obvious joke I:
NAI!! I don't think admitting that you made a boo boo is alignment indicative.
Refer to the post above x2
Well I don't think he really needed to say it was a joke considering it was obvious.
Too lazy to see what you are responding to here :/
Already said why this is stupid!



[vote]Azmimel[/vote]

I am also suspicious of Cj and Panda but I have other things to do. Like Bike. And Eat. And SleepDAREALMoneyMan,553,Also Mark you should give me the ISO bot!TheHorla,554,I am too tired to keep arguing here but this is another strawman. I am saying that if panda did not know his alignment, then him posting "I don't have an alignment" is obviously NAI. If you think he is lying for some reason, that is a different argument (and closer to the one you made.) When reading pandas, it matters what you thought his PM read; that is why I said you were speculating about his PM.Rorschach,555,Ryast has the ISO bot, not Mark.TheHorla,556,Ryast posted a link in #announcementsSkrimiche,557,why me owo
your post elaborating on this only had gikkle quotes

do you think azmimel & pandas are on the same scumteam or different scum alignmentsGrones,558,Gikkle be voting ye, then he be opposed t'me voting ye. It be worrying, like an ill tide.MrEevee7,559,Is there a reason were no lynching..?HunterC98,560,cause most everyone who was willing to lynch has either no voted or unvoted.Grones,561,Nightfall be in 10 minutesGrones,562,Arrrr! I be wrrrrrong! 50 minutes!Red_Pandas,563,[vote] no-lynch [/vote]
why notGrones,564,[vote] panda [/vote] 
I be a wacky pirateSkrimiche,565,bruh you made me panicHunterC98,566,I made myself panic..i thought i missed it.Skrimiche,567,[vote]no-lynch[/vote]Mitochondria,568,Refuse to vote for a D1 no lynch on principle so uh

[vote] Skrim [/vote]Mitochondria,569,Actually nah, I think Skrim's fine

[vote] Gikkle [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,570,Why Gikkle?Gikkle,571,i'm a good boi
I just like human flesh, nothing wrong with thatMitochondria,572,Bad gut feel, didn't do much of anything today, no other targets I feel strongly about right now.Mitochondria,573,Actually that's a lie, my pet theory is that Pi's scum but y'all ain't ready for that discussion yetDAREALMoneyMan,574,SameDAREALMoneyMan,575,Wait- why are we no lynching? Meh.Grones,576,I'lla turn'a you into'a pasta lasagna mama miaHunterC98,577,captain....who is this italian dude?TheHorla,578,Oh I'm ready for that discussion!


Re: today's lynch, fine with no lynch since the gikkle wagon is really weak and I'm not confident in anyone else (even azmimel) to eliminate.Rorschach,579,Esther is wheeled into the large room by a rather tall butler fellow, his tailcoats hovering so as not to touch the floor, and he carefully unfolds a little table and places it in the center of the room.

"You really chose not to lynch anyone?" Esther says distastefully, her eyes narrowing, eyelids you never knew were there stretching to do so. "You are all fools. You have one minute to kill someone. Or else." She says, as the butler places a large shotgun on the table. 

The first player to reply to this post with [SHOOT] @Player [/SHOOT] will take the gun and kill the player they tag.Grones,580,Who arrrrrre ye an' what ye done to th'real MarkTheHorla,581,Ever since gikkle and I got stats on our D1 lynch record, I've come around pretty hard in favour of D1 no-lynching when we have zero clue what to do. We used to NL all the time (and had a decent track record back then) - we should revive the practice!Grones,582,ARGHHH NOBODY TAKE TH'GUNGrones,583,IF ANY O' YE USE TH'GUN I BE HUNTIN' FOR YE TILL THE END O' ME DAYSRorschach,584,"Well? I'm waiting. If you do not do it, I will kill three of you where you stand." Esther says tersely.Gikkle,585,[SHOOT]@Rorschach[/SHOOT]TheHorla,586,Yeah, anyone who uses this gun without discussion gets lynched today.Grones,587,AAAAAAAAAADAREALMoneyMan,588,Can we kill Azmel Grones,589,AAAAAAAAAARRRDAREALMoneyMan,590,WE NEED TO CHOOSE SOMEONE OR 3 MORE DIE - I DON'T WANT TO DIEETheHorla,591,Everyone, relax. 

If machine wants us to lynch someone, then we'll do it. Do not shoot.Gikkle,592,kinda wanna shoot skrim... Not for any good reason, I've just always wanted to do it in a proper mafia game instead of a wolfia game...DAREALMoneyMan,593,but what if I shot scum :>Rorschach,594,There is no Rorschach in the game.Grones,595,How about I shoot ye, ye scalleywagGikkle,596,what happens if I shoot myselfDAREALMoneyMan,597,guys there is 1 minute until eod so we dont have time to change the wagon from no lynchGrones,598,RIP 3 people arrrrrghDAREALMoneyMan,599,I rather that then 3 random people dyingGikkle,600,[SHOOT]@Gikkle[/SHOOT]

LETS GOOORorschach,601,You lose the game if you shoot yourself.

EOD was 15 minute ago. Welcome to twilight.Grones,602,NOOOOOOOO ARGHHHGikkle,603,Great!Rorschach,604,Action not submitted properly.Grones,605,[shoot]@Mitochondria[/shoot]
GIKKLE WHY ARGHHHDAREALMoneyMan,606,WHY10000 Jelly Doughnuts,607,oh shoot, no pun intended.Gikkle,608,[SHOOT] @Gikkle [/SHOOT]DAREALMoneyMan,609,watch as mito is scum though lmaoGrones,610,I BE SO CONFUSED HELP MEEEEEGrones,611,NO 
ARGHHH STOP WHYYYYGikkle,612,You didn't do it correctly either, you fool!

SEE Y'ALL IN THE AFTERLIFE

IT'S BETTER THAN SLOWLY WALKING FOR ETERNITY TOWARDS MY ROOMDAREALMoneyMan,613,why has my post count in twilight been triple than that of dayGrones,614,[SHOOT] @Mitochondria [/SHOOT]

Arghhh! TAKE MINE NOT GIKKLE I BE THE CAP'NTheHorla,615,...Grones,616,MITO BE SCUM YARR HARR HARRGrones,617,Arghhh I be blamin' Gikkle 
He be an agent o' chaos, a bombardier10000 Jelly Doughnuts,618,What the heck was that?1Grones,619,GIKKLE BE TOWN IF HE BE SHOOTIN' 'IMSELF 

I BE SAVIN A LOYAL SAILOR ABOARD THIS VESSEL10000 Jelly Doughnuts,620,I meant with mito, but honestly thanks for the explanation for town gikkle too?TheHorla,621,gikkle is town right lol

like

there's no wayRorschach,622,
Gikkle and Grones rush for the gun, however, Grones is just a bit faster, pulling the gun out and aiming it at @Mitochondria.

The gun explodes in his face, and @Grones topples to the ground.






"That's better." Esther says. "Perhaps this will teach the rest of you to be more decisive." She says, gesturing as the butler wheels her out of the room, picking up the gun from the corpse of Grones as they pass.

Day 1 has ended.Gikkle,623,I have a thick shell skull, I can take it!Grones,624,If Gikkle be shootin' 'imself, he be violatin' the CODE! He be breakin 'is wincon, so the 'eavens be strikin 'im down in MODKILL

but he be shootin' 'imself

a negative times a negative be a positive YARRRRR 

HE LIVES!
@Rorschach LET 'IM LIVEGikkle,625,c'mon man!TheHorla,626,jfcGrones,627,????
GIKKLE BE FIRST YARRRRAzmimel,628,EXCUSE ME 

wtfGrones,629,@Rorschach Gikkle actually shot and formatted correctly before me, though.Gikkle,630,I am canonically the slowest person in this game. I will probably not make it to my room until September/October.DAREALMoneyMan,631,no role flip?Gikkle,632,^ this

I shot myself fair and square! Let it happen!Grones,633,day is over no more discussion!!!!Rorschach,634,Night has started. No further game discussion is allowed. I did not make any errors.Rorschach,635,Forgot to add the song to the Start of Night Post.
Updated.Grones,636,@Rorschach title btwRorschach,637,As you all begin to enter the main dining area for breakfast, you recognize an old, surprisingly not dead face. @Grones was fortunate, and the gunshot blast was not fatal. On the other hand... @MrEevee7 will not be joining you. Not only are both of his left legs missing, but he is in fact, dead. The poor centaur.

The stench of death is strong. There's a raven sitting on the tables. Dead. A nametag on it indicates that its name was "Clive."
A note from Esther sits with it. "Don't disappoint me today. Or I will make sure you are disappointed in yourselves."



Spoiler: MrEevee7 Flip



Virgil the Centaur, the Village Lie Detecting Oracular Vigilante



I hope you enjoy your breakfast as the sun rises...

Day will end at 4:30 PM EST on Sunday, August 8th, with a Twilight of 1.5 hours.Skrimiche,638,uh ohhhhRed_Pandas,639,that seems that it would be powerfulGikkle,640,I've totally forgotten basically everything that happened in this game

Who did we suspect again? Mito?Azmine,641,Pi, did anything happen while you were "dead"Azmimel,642,you’re on the wrong accountAzmimel,643,Wow that's crazyHunterC98,644,Oh captain my captain, are you still alive?TheHorla,645,How does Oracular work?Red_Pandas,646,by miracle, probably caused by him being coolRorschach,647,Ask question, receive answer.TheHorla,648,Was the scope of the questions limited in any way?Rorschach,649,
HunterC98,650,Answer it NOBALLSGikkle,651,Isoing myself to jog my memory as to what has happened


Spoiler: my posts












































Gikkle,652,Mark/Pandas/Grones I guess are my TRs for today? Idk I'm going with my past self

I also apparently TRed Mito but idk whyGikkle,653,ISOing Eevee for nk analysis purposes


Spoiler: Eevee ISO






























Gikkle,654,Eevee's main contribution was pushing Pandas
Some shade thrown on Mito at some point too but nothing significantGikkle,655,[VOTE]Pandas[/VOTE]

carrying on my boy eevee's legacy!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,656,The pandas argument isn't really strong at all. I wouldn't think mafia would go and try to frame Pandas by killing eevee when the read was mediocre.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,657,I'm honestly confused about the NK in general. Eevee is usually lynchbait, not a NK. What is mafia doing?Gikkle,658,Doesn't your second sentence support the pandas argument
They aren't gonna be trying to frame him, so the only real reason to kill Eevee is to silence him if pandas is scumGikkle,659,In what game was eevee killed n1 because mafia was purposefully doing weird kills
Can anyone remind meMitochondria,660,I'm gonna be honest, I forgot everything that was happening in this game

Big wtf to Pi for trying to kill me when I wasn't on at the very end of the last day phase, not a fan of that play at all. Personal feelings about getting merc'd aside, it was super impulsive and, imo, big scum energy to make a move like that.Grones,661,I lived *****Grones,662,Yarrr ye be scumGrones,663,No yarrrrrGrones,664,It was be to save Gikkle and 3 townies yarrrr

Ye be scumAzmimel,665,Any thoughts beyond thatGrones,666,The mutineers be cowards n killed a sailor who ne'er voted a soul. We be hardp'essed t'read this 'ere kill.Grones,667,He be scum
I be a soulreadin cap'nTheHorla,668,I am backAzmimel,669,I mean you soulread jelly last game so I'm almost inclined to believe you.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,670,Ah. Yea. Whoops. Sorry. Yea. That's what I mean.Rorschach,671,Hi back, I'm dad.Red_Pandas,672,Ngl I would probably be the mafia member that would be the most sacrifice-able
I don't think mafia would want to keep ,me alone so much they kill eevee just for having a slight scum read on me
if I had a powerful role maybe
but I dont think that would be the entire reason the kill happenedAzmimel,673,This post reeks of town idkGrones,674,Mafia most likely be lookin at votes
Eevee be a no-voter
they be killin 'imTheHorla,675,Sorry just quoting this post as a test10000 Jelly Doughnuts,676,What do you mean?Azmimel,677,Why would they want to kill a novoter?Grones,678,Mafia be wishin' t'lay low. They be murderin' sailors who 'ave no strong reads. Eevee ended day on no vote, yarrr!Grones,679,This be no hypothetical. Look'er at the vote counts, ye scalleywag. Eevee be never votin.Azmimel,680,Yes, but what's your pointCjBeats,681,Did not most of the lads and ladies within this establishment either not vote or vote for a no-lynch? I do not think voting is the right way to look at this.Grones,682,-_-
Ye be intentionally obtuse, yarrrrAzmimel,683,Probably, it's kinda lateGrones,684,The laws o' this ship, the Game C, be dictatin' that any sailor that be killed, be a loser. If ye wish to win this 'ere voyage, ye live. The wincons be different, and we be no-lynchin'.Red_Pandas,685,why?Red_Pandas,686,I didn't post yesterday when I first read stuff but Gikkle's vote on me purely off of continuing Eevee's legacy
it just doesn't seem like something a town would actually doRed_Pandas,687,I like azmimels posts tbhRed_Pandas,688,It feels like Eevee was pretty controversial yesterday and slightly scum read so I'm confused on why scum decided to kill EeveeRed_Pandas,689,sorry for the quintuple post O_O

I kiiiind of don't like Skrim's posts, but not enough to feel like it deserves a scumread
I think I need some others thoughts for this read
what do y'all think of Skrim?Grones,690,Ye be right, we be sendin her off the plank10000 Jelly Doughnuts,691,What’s up with Skrim?Grones,692,/shrug
YarrCjBeats,693,/shrug?Red_Pandas,694,I was thinking something a bit more specific but I guess that worksGrones,695,I be messin' with Pandas
He may be a mutineer, methinks 
"Skrimiche should die maybe? Thoughts?" 
Be the mutineer words.Red_Pandas,696,that is an extreme misinterpretation of my words, captain.Grones,697,A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P 
a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p 


yarr!Grones,698,YarrrRed_Pandas,699,yeah but then that makes it confusing to quoteGikkle,700,who da heck tripped over me last nightGikkle,701,@Red_Pandas what are your reads?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,702,Was that you lol?CjBeats,703,What doth thou mean trip?Skrimiche,704,you forgot why you scumread me, didnt youGikkle,705,was it you, Jelly?!! Very rude!CjBeats,706,Pwease Gikkle wikkle, expwain to wittle ole me.Gikkle,707,someone tripped over me CjBeats,708,I do not understand.Gikkle,709,you don't need to.CjBeats,710,HmmGrones,711,Yarrrr, I be questionin' the importance o' this voyage 

I propose a nolynch again! Yarrr!
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Gikkle,712,can't believe mafia chose eevee to lose first
they must hate eevee personally, since he wasn't even that big of a voice
wow mafia, so rude10000 Jelly Doughnuts,713,Look, I didn't mean to.Gikkle,714,I also got a pillow last night, thanks to whoever gave that to me. much comfy.Red_Pandas,715,any apparent consequences or effects?
Almost no reads tbh, but so far Pi TR and Azmimel slight tr
Pi we have to get flip info at SOME point
Agreed
any effects?Azmimel,716,Not a single sr?Red_Pandas,717,Nope, not one!Red_Pandas,718,Money has barely posted and the only post he seemed to put effort into is just weak arguments against already weak-ish points
it's not like bad-bad so I'm not sure if it is enough to make me feel like a possible S!Money or not
but it is thereRed_Pandas,719,this isn't responding to Azmimel's question, this is cause I JUST looked at Money's postsGikkle,720,who we killinTheHorla,721,[vote]Grones[/vote]

Still very loopy right now, but my reasoning right now is something like this:
- voting no lynch on D1 is an actually sound idea, but voting no lynch on D2 is bad
- him picking up the gun and shooting mito was actually really scummy
- gonna say that still being alive after being blown up is kinda scummy, despite his (feigned?) surprise todayTheHorla,722,The flip side of this argument, though, is that shooting another player is a better play than shooting yourself. Obviously what gikkle did was super townie, but he had a 100% chance of killing town; from town-pi's perspective, he had a 1/4 chance of hitting scum, which is better odds than gikkle's play.

The other tinfoil theory is that gikkle is scum, knew the thing was harmless, and shot himself for town points, but that strikes me as super unlikely.

Still overall, decent scumread on grones for now; I'll keep my vote here for now.Red_Pandas,723,I have no ideaRed_Pandas,724,The forced killing at EoD had almost no hints beforehand possibly revealing it, Mafia would almost never know whether it was real/fake unless Esther (or whoever the person was, I think thats who) is working with the mafia.
I feel like Gikkle self-shot would be extremely risky of a play from scum so that makes me feel like it was a town move.
I would have to check back but if Pi had an SR on Mito it can make sense from a town PoV
however from what I remember, and saw from reading back for reads, Mito wasn't his strongest SR at least from appearance, as compared to people like Skrim and Gikkle (iirc)

Decent point though overall, I didn't do much speculating on pi's shots so this could be a very possible thing
This also makes sense
also I keep forgetting that pi got blown up by itharass,725,never knew a new mafia game was going on
/backupTheHorla,726,I mean, I don't want to speculate too much since there's just a chance the thing was harmless for anyone. But it's a big ??? why he's still here

I also have some thoughts about his actual reads but I really need sleep, I'll post them asap tomorrow; hopefully we can get decent discussion in the last 12ish hours or so and get a decent lynchTheHorla,727,Oh yeah I forgot lol

Grones is voting no lynch even after what happened yesterday

Machine sent a clear message that no lynches -> bad, and grones is basically going "yeah let's touch that hot poker again yarrrr"Grones,728,I be forgivin Mark's votes o' me since he be dyin' and recoverin', from his landlubber vaccine.Grones,729,Also, Mito be scum.CjBeats,730,Then why not vote him instead of a no lynch?Red_Pandas,731,[VOTE] Grones [/VOTE] igGrones,732,Pandas and Mito be scum, methinks

Panda be a timid scum, he be saying this





He never be taking strong stances aboard his vessel. He be test th'waters, lookin' through a glass t'see if fellow mutineers be with 'im. 

Mito/Panda/Someone else 
Mutineerers! 

[vote] Panda [/vote]Red_Pandas,733,I never have strong stances on anything in mafia
this isnt a new thingGrones,734,Maybe so, but ye be testin' th'water to mislynch POOR SKRIMICHE YARRRRRRed_Pandas,735,"I kiiiind of don't like Skrim's posts, but not enough to feel like it deserves a scumread"
as in
"I don't have a Skrim SR because their posts aren't quite bad enough"
also don't you have a Skrim SR?Grones,736,No, I be spurrin ye on t'see what ye do
I be naked votin Skrimiche, and ye went "ok cool". That be tellin' me ye perfectly good with her bein' thrown o'erboard. If ye didn't SR her, why ye be sayin:
Hmmm? 
Yerrrrrr a scum one! Mr Grinch!Red_Pandas,737,I was trying to say "maybe elaborate on why"
worded in a passive-aggressive kind of wayGikkle,738,Why are y'all voting Grones10000 Jelly Doughnuts,739,Money's busy rn.

Pandas reads are a bit sheepish imo, I could see a scum pandas. Placeholder vote, so I don’t get punished if I didn’t vote.

Sorry, busy today. Might be on before EOD but I don’t see it. 

[Vote]Pandas[/Vote]TheHorla,740,I actually agree on the pandas read but why is Mito scum lolGrones,741,Gut and this post
YarrrrTheHorla,742,I'm a bit more sane now fyi

It's kinda suspicious that jelly is parroting pi's vote JUST as I vote grones, which I did not expect

So I see sorta two possible scum teams: pandas/azmine or jelly/piTheHorla,743,That post is fine? I would scumread you if you shot me. And Mito has barely done anything so no idea how you can have a gut read on them in any direction.Grones,744,One death wasn't enough for these mutineer traitors yarrrGrones,745,T H E G U T 

Y A R RRed_Pandas,746,Mark made some posts about it
who am I sheeping with my votes though?
that post is fine?
gut is not enough hereRed_Pandas,747,with my reads*Red_Pandas,748,im pretty sure all my reads are original except the Pi read which ofc is because of markTheHorla,749,Yeah pandas is wheeling votes iirc, he's just being super underconfidentGikkle,750,Oh wait people only lose the game when they are lynched? Not when nked I guess according to the wording of the ruleTheHorla,751,Should read "isn't sheeping"Gikkle,752,Spring has sprung?Azmimel,753,S-Skrim is scum?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,754,Okay on lunch (not lynch, phone) break. Let me explain my pandas read, because I didn’t even see pi’s post really in depth.

Pandas feels noncommittal in any of his reads, which isn’t AI in itself, but then he asks about Cash. Cash, who is out of the game entirely rn, has been immune to lynches and what not afaik, and tries to get suspicion on him. That’s something pretty hard to miss, and I feel like pandas is trying to make a distraction somehow. Therefore scum.

Pi’s scummy too imo, but I have that weird feeling he could be jester and hope someone would be kind enough to kill him.Azmimel,755,oh we’re doing this again, are we?Azmimel,756,From machine on the discord

"
@Player i am making the executive decision to extend day 24 hours due to some housekeeping issues I need to deal with potentially preventing me from having internet during day end.

Day will now end at 4:45 on Monday, with a twilight of 1.5 hours. 

Game B will start 15 minutes after twilight ends in games A&C.
"Mitochondria,757,[vote] Pi [/vote]

Barring a dramatic new development, my vote's probably not moving. Mark kinda stole my thunder, but here are the main reason's Pi's probably scum:
-Again, the gun play was terrible. I'm biased, yeah, but I've never been in a situation where someone's been killed right at EoD when they can't defend themselves by town. Huge town points for Gikkle for his response; Gikkle, if you're scum then congrats, you pocketted me.

-Voting for someone immediately after Mark called him out for no lynching is a bad look imo. I also think it's odd he went for Pandas instead of me (and the no lynch instead of me yesterday) considering half his posts are about he soulreads me as scum. Why is he shading me (and trying to daykill me lol) instead of getting a wagon going?

-As I said yesterday, Pi's D1 play was blegh. I can go back through the posts and find examples of all these things if anyone really wants, but I remember disliking how much he was/is controlling the thread and discussion (shooting down discussion topics he didn't like, e.g. some CJ/Jelly (?) argument from yesterday, trying to railroad my death at EoD yesterday, etc.). My pet theory is that the pirate modifier's faked so he can seem more entertaining (thus more townie) and get away with having leaps in logic by blaming misinterpretations of his post on the modifier.

Unrelated question but @Gikkle was your human flesh problem resolved last night?Grones,758,Machine be threatenin t'kill 3 people. Gikkle conftown. You? Probably scum. Yarrrr it be the best play aboard the vessel


Gettin' ye lynched be a fool's errand. easier t'get yer fellow mutineer.



Idk what this be meanin' so I be ignorin' it.

I be willin' t'hop off th'plank, but absolutely kill Mito and Panda after I flip Town yarrrr harrrGrones,759,This lynch o'me be very strrrrange. Scum motivated, obviously. Mito and Panda be needin' t'die, ye landlubbers'll see. Yarrrrrr

Last scum (if there) be unknown t'me.Grones,760,NoGrones,761,My role be verrrrrrry scummy so I be not claimin even if I be fixin' t'die. If I die, I die. I won't be winnin even if town be winnin' but I be biased, anywhoo, so do be sendin Mito and Panda off th'boat when I be gone.

Rid me o'this cursed post modifier
[vote] Panda [/vote]Red_Pandas,762,When did I ask about cash
the person I actually asked about was Skrim, Cash is just the one who I have the least of a read on out of the players I've looked at.
I actually have been forgetting that Cash is immune to stuff, but I don't even want to Lynch them so that shouldn't even matter right now
Don't use the extremely slim possibility of a jester to avoid a Lynch on them
If you could explain why he's more scummy then you that would be great
If you think there are 2 scum you know of it shouldn't matter much who you decide to kill
this doesn't make sense from town
What is this
Bad
ScummyRed_Pandas,763,Anyone else find it extremely weird that Gikkle is just now theorizing about this, instead of on day 1?

(also just noticed @Rorschach thread title is incorrect I think)Grones,764,I don't really wanna reply to this bc none of the things you said mean anything
I feel like youre purposefully misunderstanding my posts or just asking questions to appear like you're open to changing your mind, when you really just want a mislynch.

Anyways, imma dip for rest of day because I don't really understand what game C is even for? And with Mark and Mito trying to get me lynched, I'm probably dead anyways, which ofc means I lose the game and idc about town winning if I lose, cuz im a wacky selfish biatch. Anywhoo, kill Panda and Mito afterwards.

Yarrrr!Rorschach,765,When they die.Rorschach,766,Shhhhh nooooo its perfect definitely says Day 2Gikkle,767,The fact you find it weird is weird because I just went back to look at the rules and that's why I'm talking about it lolGikkle,768,I still have a craving for human flesh, but I wouldn't call it a problem.Skrimiche,769,grones town
won't be on for most of today (or this week in general tbh) but let it be known!Skrimiche,770,grones town bc he's not acting like he does as scum (from what i remember, anyways; dont rly use/pay attention to meta personally)Red_Pandas,771,You're dodging everything I said in the post, by saying I'm misunderstanding your posts. (If we're both misunderstanding each other this much that would be bad but I don't see exactly how I'm misunderstanding what you're saying.)
If you really think I'm misunderstanding your posts in a way that's harmful to the town right now, you should be correcting what you said or what I misunderstood about it. If I'm getting everything wrong I really would like to know that.
Also referring to me voting someone I SR as "wanting a mislynch" is very scummy to say imo
I can't even explain how bad this sounds
Hm, must be me then.
I just feel like half-way through D2 is a weird time to be looking back at the rules
This doesn't make sense to meTheHorla,772,Reading upRorschach,1,[No mods this is not a duplicate it makes sense if you play the game. I'm sorry that my initial setup looks like spam. We'll be using all three threads. They're not the same.]






The rain falls steadily, the castle rising up.

The carriage we follow in this wet muck sprays up mud every few yards or so, drenching any passerby more than they were before. The rickety shaft of the undercarriage creaks and groans, before the vehicle eventually comes to a stop, the horses pulling it whinnying in annoyance.

Yet another dark carriage in the line tonight, outside the front gate. Some of their inhabitants were invited and came readily...others...not so much.
Thrown in like sacks of potatoes. Today the thunder does not rush across the landscape. For this is a sad day. This is a day someone dies.

This is Mafia.

Please read the following information carefully. Many rules are not the same, and the setup is atypical from what you are familiar with. Do not sign up until you have read how to sign up.



Spoiler: What is Mafia?



Mafia is all about lies and charisma, or at least synthesized charisma. The game typically follows a cycle of discussion whereupon a player is voted out of the game, followed by a cycle where silence reigns, and players may submit their actions which could include such types of things as protection, killing, or investigation.

The game is normally composed of 2 main factions, an uninformed majority, traditionally referred to as "town" or "village," and an informed minority known as "mafia" or "wolves." The wolves' goal is to equal or outnumber the townies, while the town's goal is to eliminate all wolves.

Sometimes there are additional alignments, such as additional mafia factions, or third party roles which can win with any side, or with nobody else.






Spoiler: The General Rules



These rules do not follow a priority system. They are considered sacred, and will not take precedence over one another. These rules may be pre-empted by more game-specific rules, but unless you are explicitly told otherwise either in an official DM by me, or by a specific rule governing a thread posted by me, these rules are hard and fast.

Obey all rules associated with the forum.
Do not discuss the game outside of this thread or host-approved DMs.
Play towards you or your alignments win condition.
Do not post anything in the thread after you die. Memes are fine, as long as they are not game related in any way.
Do not post game related stuff during the cycle at which actions are traditionally resolved. (This is normally referred to as a "night" phase.)
Do not post anything I send you in a DM in any way. This includes copy-pasting, screenshotting or capturing images in any other way. I will give you explicit permission if you are allowed to share something. Otherwise, assume you are not.
Paraphrasing things is fine.
You may not delete your posts, nor edit the post such that the content of the post's meaning is changed. This means only fix grammatical or spelling mistakes if you are editing your posts.
This game will be run across three threads. You will only need to keep track of 2, and only one of those two will have discussion at a time. (Traditionally referred to as a "day" phase.)
As a moderator, I am not bound to always tell the truth. I will avoid lying where possible, but to keep the integrity of the setup, it may necessitate explicitly lying about certain functionalities until they have been triggered.
Nights will be action phases, while days will be discussion phases.
Alignments in other threads are not indicative of alignments in this thread, and vice-versa.
I will not respond to in thread tags.
I will not answer questions in thread.
I will not read questions in thread.
I will respond to my oldest DMed question first. So if you spitfire, sorry it's just I gotta handle the load in one order or another.
You may not discuss a different game in a different thread. (No discussing Game A in Game B's thread.)
This includes Game A/C Combos. Even if you're not playing in both, you may not discuss the one you're not in in your host thread.

I could lie and say that flavor isn't alignment indicative, but that would be a lie. Flavor could be alignment indicative. Or role indicative. Or both.
Duplicates are possible. Even flavor duplicates.

Vote ties are not necessarily handled the same way cycle to cycle or game to game. If not specified at the start of a cycle, assume that it is whoever was at the higher number of votes the longest.
If Player A has 8 votes and Player B has 7 votes, then someone votes player B, player A is still lynched.
If instead someone unvotes player A, player A is still lynched.

No roles are banned from play. This includes OG Jester which kills everyone when it wins.
The bot is doing vote counts. (Thanks Mark.)
Due to the nature of the setup, hydras are discouraged but not outlawed.
THERE IS NOT DEAD CHAT. 
THERE IS NO SPECTATOR'S CHAT.
YOU DO NOT RECEIVE THE ROLE LIST UPON DEATH. 
YOU MAY NOT DISCUSS THE GAME UPON DEATH.




The following three spoilers will discuss specific rules that are different between the three concurrent games. Signing up for game A or game C will also sign you up for game B.


Spoiler: Rules: Game A



As with the previous rules section, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game A's thread specifically.

The capacity of players in this thread must be at a maximum, one less than the capacity of players in Game C. For preference, this game will have two less players than Game C. It runs most optimally with 9 or more players.
Being lynched in this game means you lose the game. Winners get to live to tell about it. Losers do not.
The game follows a traditional layout of Day Discussion and Night Actions. Cycles will last approximately 48 hours each (Night=48hrs, Day=48hrs), but will be updated at the start of each cycle to clarify as needed.
The order of operations for this game is hidden. As such, you will not receive it if asking.
The "town," or uninformed majority faction will be referred to as the mafia. The informed minority will be referred to under any of the following names: "werewolf," "sleeper agent," "wolf,"or "machine why is this so unnecessarily confusing"






Spoiler: Rules: Game B



As with the previous rules sections, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game B's thread specifically.

The capacity of players in this thread is at a minimum the summation of the number of players in Games A & C.
Atypical of traditional mafia games, the discussion phase will be referred to as "Night" while the action phase will be referred to as "Day." Cycles will last 48 hours each. (Day will be 48 hours, Night will be 48 hours)
This game will start on "Day 1," meaning it will start on an action phase.
No roles will be handed out for this game until the end of Day 1's cycle. Roles will be assigned as follows:
During Day 1, you will choose a player in the game, and a flavor for them. A role will be assigned based upon that flavor.
Flavors should be something you would borrow or rent from a library or archive. This could include any of the following types of items:
Books
Movies
Music
Journalism
Photography
Or others...

You may not choose yourself as the player to receive the flavor.
You may not coordinate to ensure that everyone receives a flavor. Some books are not yet written...
If a player receives multiple flavors, they may experience any of the following:
Be given the option to select one.
Automatically redirect the flavor onto someone else.
Receive all flavors as their flavor.








Spoiler: Rules: Game C



As with the previous rules sections, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game C's thread specifically.

The capacity of players for this thread is at a minimum, one more than those in Game A. It works best, however, with 11 or more players.
If you are lynched in this game, you are considered to have lost. Winners get to eat cake, and the dead do not eat...or do they?
The game follows a traditional layout of Day Discussion and Night Actions. Cycles will last approximately 48 hours each (Night=48hrs, Day=48hrs), but will be updated at the start of each cycle to clarify as needed.
The rules for this game are subject to update. At the start of each day or night, any updates will be shared in that start post.






Spoiler: Links to Games A, B, & C



Game A
Game B
Game C





Spoiler: Important Mod Posts



PreGame: Flavor Announcements
Day 1 Start
Day 1 End
Night 1 Start
Day 2 Start



Game C:


Spoiler: Living Players



@Gikkle
@10000 Jelly Doughnuts
@Azmimel
@Grones
@Skrimiche
@Red_Pandas
@DAREALMoneyMan
@Mitochondria
@TheHorla
@HunterC98
@CjBeats
@Vizier





Spoiler: Dead Players



@MrEevee7 (Night 1)





Spoiler: Backups



@Venusaur
@Illwei





Spoiler: Spectators



Thaum is the only person allowed to spectate.





Spoiler: Previous Games



Game I
Game II - Minecraft Edition
Game III - Minecraft Mobs
Game IV - Blitz Mafia
Game V - Food Mafia
Game VI - Music Mafia
Game VII - Super Smash Bros
Game VIII - Pokemon
Game IX - Terraria Edition
Game X - Mega Walls
Game XI - Video Game Music Mafia
Game XII - Yu-Gi-Oh
Game XIII - Time Travel Mafia
Game XIV - Night of the Living Goo’s
Game XV - The Library
Game XVI - Kits and Classes U-Pick
Game XVII - Star Wars
Game XVIII - Greater Idea Mafia
Game XIX - Comic Book Edition
Game XX - Chaos Rising
Game XXI - Final Fantasy: ExDeath’s Summon
Game XXII - Hypixel Mafia Players Mafia
Game XXIII - Night of the Living Goos: Part 2
Game XXIV - Pokemon Edition
Game XXVI - Murder in the Northlands
Game XXVII - Video Games
Game XXVIII - Desolate
Game XXIX - Amusement Park Mafia
Game XXX - Restaurant Mafia
Game XXXI - Night of the Living Goo’s Part 3
Game XXXII - Mark’s Hydra Hell
Game XXXIII - Alliance Mafia
Game XXXIV - Ancient Rome Mafia
Game XXXV - Space Mafia
Game XXXVI - Summer Vacation
Game XXXVII - Dawn of War (DnD)
Game XXV - Hypixel Mafia Players Mafia 2
Game XXXVIII - Applying to College
Mini-Mafia 3: Logical Fallacies Edition
Game XXXIX - Evolution Mafia
Game XL - Don’t Starve Mafia
Game XLI - Historical Figures U-Pick
Game XLII - The Suffering Game
Game XLIII - Minecraft Mafia
Mini-mafia 4: King Edition
Mini-mafia 5: Chess Edition
Mini-mafia 6: Meme Mafia 1
Game XLIV - Finale
Game XLV - Year Long Mafia
Mini-mafia 7: Ryast’s Mini
Mini-mafia 8: Jojo’s Bizarre Mafia
Mini-mafia 9: Persona 5
Mini-mafia 10: Kirby’s Mafia Adventure
Mini-mafia 11: Meme Mafia 2
Mini-mafia 12: Playing Cards
Mini-mafia 13: Profound Mafia
Game XLVI - DEFCON Mafia
Game XLVII - A Forgotten Temple
Game XLVIII - Halloween in January
Game XLIX - Mafia Hotel
Game L - A Test of Faith
Game LI - Evolution Mafia 2
Mini-mafia 14: Operating Room
Mini-mafia 15: Diffusion of Power
Mini-mafia 16: Simulation Mafia
Game LII: Conspiracy Mafia
Game LIII: The Legend of Zelda Mafia


TheHorla,2,What's Carpe Jugulum?Rorschach,3,Seize the throat.Azmine,4,HypeGrones,5,Game CDAREALMoneyMan,6,Why is Ryast in both games A and C Grones,7,Shouldn't this be Game C? Also, why is Ryast in both games A and C?Rorschach,8,Cause I'm not very good at hitting backspace a ton of times after copy/paste decides to put an extra space between every line.Rorschach,9,Rectified.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,10,Let's go!Rorschach,11,HOKIES!!!

BA DA DA DA DA DA DAAAAAAAAAAAAAA DUMMMMMMMHunterC98,12,Welp, the games are fixing to begin eh?TheHorla,13,Quick test here:

[vote]mark[/vote]DAREALMoneyMan,14,Quick, hammer mark pregame

[vote]mark[/vote]TheHorla,15,[vote]ryast89[/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,16,Pregame RVS?Skrimiche,17,eRorschach,18,




Esther surveys the room from her high backed chair, her gaunt frame unnerving. The room is littered with damp sacks, some of you climbing out of them. Some of you have been here for a while, chatting idly over tea. In the center of the room is a large cage, covered in a cloth, something rattling at it from the inside. 

"Welcome...to the game. Everyone. You have been briefed on the rules, and if not...well. They are publicly available to you." Esther says, pulling out a pen and holding it, pointing to a bulletin on the wall with the rules. "When you choose who to lynch for today, Chef says he's on vacation. So unfortunately we'll just have to drop them in there." She says, smiling thinly, pointing to the cage in the center of the room, where something growls from the inside. "Well...I shan't keep you...You must have so much to discuss..."

Day 1 starts Now. It ends at 7:45 pm, EST on August 3rd. Twilight will last until 9pm of the same day.Grones,19,Yarrr me hearties! Aweigh anchor and set sail for hammertown!Skrimiche,20,what is up gamersGikkle,21,10000 Jelly Doughnuts,22,[Vote]Skrim[/Vote]
!Gikkle,23,[VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE]Rorschach,24,@Gikkle
@10000 Jelly Doughnuts
@Azmimel
@Grones
@Skrimiche
@Red_PandasGikkle,25,Great minds think alike!Rorschach,26,@Red_Pandas
@DAREALMoneyMan
@Mitochondria
@TheHorla
@MrEevee7Rorschach,27,@HunterC98
@CjBeats
@VizierGrones,28,[vote] Skrim [/vote] make the wench walk the plank!Gikkle,29,Bandwagon moment
susVizier,30,[Vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts[/Vote]Grones,31,yar har har, ye landlubbers got no mind for naval strategy like ye ol' capt'nVizier,32,CAPTAIN!Skrimiche,33,im feeling like absolute buttcheeks so im not actually gonna play the game /sGrones,34,AYE ME HEARTYSkrimiche,35,not sure why a townie would post this even in RVS. seems like something only scum would do for townpointsVizier,36,LOOK!Grones,37,NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NOGikkle,38,Ah... I am so hungry... But food is so far away....Skrimiche,39,ehh, the game's barely started, doesnt really seem alignment-indicative to me. just a heehoo funnee attemptSkrimiche,40,just because it's RVS doesnt mean scum cant slip. i see zero reason for a town!skrim to have posted thatSkrimiche,41,like i said, it was probably just them trying to crack a joke.

+ other people have done similar things in the thread. why havent you been going after them?TheHorla,42,hey guys remember 3 votes is actually nearly halfway to hammer lolGrones,43,Alas me hearties, the lass "Skrimiche" is but a scurvy landlubber stranded at sea, lost her mind.Skrimiche,44,where? i havent seen anyone else try to deflect suspicion off of themselves with a flimsy AtE excuse. if im wrong then go quote themMrEevee7,45,[vote] mito [/vote]Gikkle,46,look at this person, talking to themselves. Insanity!

Though, I myself don't actually have any idea whats going on. Where am I?Skrimiche,47,this is just a waste of time. i shouldnt have to hunt them down for you

[VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE] stop being hypocritical with your readsGikkle,48,[VOTE]MrEevee7[/VOTE]Skrimiche,49,annnnd there's the chainsaw defense! found another scum. [VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE]MrEevee7,50,Omgus
[Vote] gikkle [/vote]TheHorla,51,Skrim you're making me giggle lolSkrimiche,52,but you voted mito?Grones,53,ye be at sea, but that be already beknownst to ye, ye conspirator. Ye and that lass Skrimiche be pirates flying the jolly rodger on open seas!

[Vote] Gikkle [/vote]Skrimiche,54,oh wait i see
disregard silly ol meMrEevee7,55,[vote] grones [/vote]TheHorla,56,What the **** is that pfpMrEevee7,57,Are you townHunterC98,58,crunchitize me capn.

Wait, hows the quote thingie work if the click quote doesnt quote?Vizier,59,Groan

Skrim is confusing me.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,60,THEY COME TO THIS PLACE WHEN THEY KNOW THEY AREN'T PURE!TheHorla,61,
Who are you guys?Rorschach,62,Hunter
ArraTheHorla,63,I repeat the question.HunterC98,64,wazuuuuuuupRorschach,65,From Chucklefish. They're in the discord.Grones,66,Ye click th'reply button, ye freshwater politicianVizier,67,Poyo!TheHorla,68,aaaahhhhhHunterC98,69,oooooooooh...well what does the quote thingie do?Skrimiche,70,no

sorry ;-;TheHorla,71,:Waves:HunterC98,72,skrim is an adorable bat, i see no problems.Grones,73,All yer quotes be stowed away below decks, ye press "insert quotes" to rouse those lazy landlubbers and bring em to yer postMitochondria,74,more like
amiright fellas???Vizier,75,Amgry Poyo.HunterC98,76,ahh, gotcha, thank you!Grones,77,[vote] mito [/vote] this mitochondria science wizardry be black magic, a terrible omen from the heavens, take him to the plank!Azmimel,78,Hi friendsMitochondria,79,oh captain my captain, if you wish for me to die, then die I shall

[vote] Mito [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,80,I would be very suspicious about the votes nearly getting a hammer this time, but I remember this game runs smaller than what we’re used to.HunterC98,81,yeah....i'll call that pun a lynchable offense...
[Vote] mito [vote]Azmimel,82,Quick hammer mito?Mitochondria,83,do it you won't10000 Jelly Doughnuts,84,For future reference, you got to have the slash at the start of the second vote.

just in case that helpsAzmimel,85,No, cause I appreciate that game C gets to say mito is hereHunterC98,86,Ahh....whoops.
[Vote] mito [/vote]

Edit: just to say i properly voted.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,87,Fair enough, but do you have any reasoning why you did that in the first place beyond random voting?HunterC98,88,nothing beyond a sinful punAzmimel,89,Scum team

Eevee
Mito
Panda
SkrimGrones,90,Throwing jests to the wolves, methinks Gikkle and Skrim be conspirators, plotting vile mutiny!

This be a landlubber's shot at pretending not to know the wench, typical freshwater lies. Gikkle may be a scurvy bastard, but he's the eye of the crow's nest for wizardry, no use pretendin to be a fool. Away with them! 

[vote] Gikkle [/vote]Grones,91,Skrim be a vile, lying lass, a stowaway here for vile mutiny!Gikkle,92,I have literally no idea what you're saying.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,93,Scum team:

Grones
Mark
Panda
YouAzmimel,94,Yeah id be okay with that10000 Jelly Doughnuts,95,That would be a stacked team.Grones,96,More lies! Yar har har! Ye be foolin us to think yer heads filled with saltwater!Azmimel,97,Exactly, I wouldn't mind. Except Mark would get lynched too earlyGikkle,98,I admit it, it was a lie. I don't have "no" idea, since I did have SOME idea. I apologize for this horrible offense, second mate. But your pirate speech is confusing, so I don't quite understand what you're trying to say...Azmimel,99,Lynch all liars!

[Vote] gikkle [/vote]Rorschach,100,Before someone asks again.

The town/village win condition is to:
1. Survive
2. Remove all threats to town.Vizier,101,Aye, this is a mutiny capn. Hand over all the bananas and gunpowder.

[Vote] Grones [/vote]HunterC98,102,i vote we test the captain for scurvy.DAREALMoneyMan,103,There is an impostor among us, and he is ourselves

[vote]chucklenuts[/vote]TheHorla,104,Oh, since we're all talking funny:

Heyday ho

pleasen no lynch mesa. Grones isa mafia, mesa thinkHunterC98,105,i wont lie...i was very tempted to change my vote over for the jarjar talk10000 Jelly Doughnuts,106,[Vote]Mark[/Vote]
Jar Jar speaking should be a policy lynch.Red_Pandas,107,


Azmimel,108,I personally am a fan or itVizier,109,Die, they must. 

[Vote]Mark[/Vote]Mitochondria,110,Why?Azmimel,111,I dont think he's randomly accused someone based on gut yet, that's a big tellGrones,112,YE WRETCHED BABOON! I'LL HAVE YE AS SHARK FEED ERE THE WIND CHANGES! 
[vote] Vizier [/vote]Grones,113,I be a lying, murdering, pillaging captain, but no mafia ever lay in me bunk with me. Me hands be clean.Mitochondria,114,Eh, maybe, but I think Pi's been fine so far. The only Pi-adjacent post that I haven't liked thus far is this one from Gikkle:

And I really can't explain why. Something about the post's tone (too serious? too dismissive? idk) just rubbed me the wrong way when I was skimming through.Grones,115,Gut? Gut?! I'll gut ye like a fish, ye scallywag.HunterC98,116,fair thinking, but is that a tell?Mitochondria,117,The Gikkle post? Obviously it's too early to really tell but I think it could be, weirdly defensive or dismissive responses to anything that could be perceived as an attack definitely isn't uncommon scum behavior.Red_Pandas,118,ikr I am so goodRed_Pandas,119,I think pi's pirate talk is funny and therefore Pi is hard town
I will not listen to any opposing argumentGrones,120,That post by that wretched mutineer Gikkle mayhaps be the fruit of his heavens-imposed speech impediment. He be playing the part of a confused, sun-dazed landlubber, away at sea, and far from his lass, for far too long. Aye, I remember when I was but a wee lad aboard the HMS Bictory, just a wee deck swabber I was, a cabin boy. Sick to the guts!Red_Pandas,121,gikkle instant scum for no pirate speakGrones,122,Me first mate rises!Red_Pandas,123,anyways, [VOTE] Rorschach [/VOTE]
I really can't shake off the feeling that they've somehow orchestrated this all
what exactly they may be planning is beyond me, but I know they're up too somethingMitochondria,124,nah, he wasn't doing the confused act for his first three posts of the gameHunterC98,125,how many times were you told to scrub the poopdeck?Red_Pandas,126,Aye, captain!Rorschach,127,Quite a few times unfortunately. On his first day he took the name a little too literally...Mitochondria,128,this is a dumb speculation read, but i think there will be scum among the people with post modifiers (and if one flips scum, the other(s) are prob town)Red_Pandas,129,TMI??
No post modifiers are in sight I think this is tmi!!Mitochondria,130,based, you got meHunterC98,131,post modifiers?Mitochondria,132,pi's pirate posting, skrim's schizophrenia posting, maybe gikkle's confused postingMitochondria,133,Post modifiers are basically just any parts of a person's role that require them to format all their posts in a certain way.HunterC98,134,ahhhh, gotcha...Gikkle,135,I think I'm more hungry than confused, to be quite honest.Grones,136,Mayhaps she be a truly disturbed lass, afflicted by rot of the brain, not a "post-modifier"Grones,137,Me life at sea as a young cabin boy was torturous! But now I be the most feared pirate and used car salesman in the seven seas!Mitochondria,138,You didn't seem very hungry in these posts


Is there any way anyone can give you food to help you out?TheHorla,139,Nosa reason, me just needed sometten to sayen in disa amusen translatorGikkle,140,I don't have a post modifier, I think. I'm actually not really sure yet. We'll have to wait and see.Mitochondria,141,okay fair

i'm so sorryGrones,142,Mito smells afoul to me, alike a gutted fish left out to rot in the Sun. Only good to throw overboard! Mito ne'er defends a soul 'cept when he be a foul mutineer! He be seekin to put the cap'n in his trouser pockets! Hardy yar yar!TheHorla,143,It's okeedayMitochondria,144,hey i can be selfless HunterC98,145,oh? Do you have early automobiles? im a big fan of the older models...Gikkle,146,Well... There is ONE way... But you might not like it... You see, it involves human flesh...Grones,147,[unvote] [/unvote] 
Yar Marky! Is this be the way to unvote, to appease the god of the seas, "vote count bot"?Grones,148,Aye we carry anything a landlubber would desire in their dark, nasty, landlubber heartMitochondria,149,How much human flesh?Grones,150,The only powerhouse on this ship will be used combustion engines! Yar har!TheHorla,151,YesaHunterC98,152,oh good..ill have to come and do some perusing for anything of interest...Grones,153,Methinks Hunter be loyal to the cap'n. He be returnin to the high seas after years of being away, surely he be wary and lurking beneath the depths, if he were a mutineer! Timid, scouting the waters! But he be in the fray, fighting with his cutlass like the best of us!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,154,I didn’t even consider Pi’s posting to be a restriction, I just thought he was like that this game.

I may be stupid, lol.

But anyway, I don’t think restrictions are AI at all, I can’t see mito’s argument tbh.Gikkle,155,Well... The exact amount remains to be seen.Gikkle,156,I thought we were just doing this for fun, to be honest.TheHorla,157,Me'm finden disa so fun dat me think me'm goen to keep it tup.Grones,158,It be no restriction! I be struck down by the heavens with this curse, but I will become more power than you could possibly imagine!






Yar har, I drifted to the wrong franchise, for a moment there lads. The sun and years at sea be taking a toll on this cap'n's mind.Grones,159,Away with ye, ShylockVizier,160,What if I need a new ship?Grones,161,Take yerself to the shipyards then, ye scurvy dog! This cap'n sells only used cars!HunterC98,162,i be a little rusty with my sword, more akin to my pistols and muskets..10000 Jelly Doughnuts,163,Did my car’s warranty expire yet?Grones,164,O not yet, no lass! But ye must be here for yer car's extended warranty! For a mere 9000 gold pieces, yer vehicle be warranted and safe to ride the streets of Port Royal for years (two years) to come! Ah! To the plank with years! Fork over yer firstborn and yer car be warranted for a decade!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,165,Sorry, my firstborn has a contractual obligation already.HunterC98,166,ooooh, is that the new payment method?Grones,167,Damn that thieving Rumplestiltskin! That scurvy dog! Freshwater kleptomaniac! Stealing me customers!Red_Pandas,168,technically my role pm never said what alignment I am so I may be scumSkrimiche,169,explain owoSkrimiche,170,sussy
[VOTE]Red_Pandas[/VOTE]Grones,171,
Scarrrrred arrrre ya?MrEevee7,172,Sadly no
I dont think any one of those is actually a post modifier tbh except maybe pi
When u claim neutral:
[vote] panda [/vote]MrEevee7,173,If you can prove you arent neutral evil you can stay alive for nowCjBeats,174,IM ALIVE.
IM KICKIN. 
I AM HERE.

I get to play with Mito uwu, how exciting. And my boy arra, who I shall defend with my life.


mfw10000 Jelly Doughnuts,175,That’s concerning10000 Jelly Doughnuts,176,Sadge, CJ forgets about me and Pi.CjBeats,177,Fear not my good jelly, I have not forgotten thee. I simply never play with the boy arra so it brings me much joy and excitement. OHO AND THE HUNT IS HERE TOO WHAT A GLORIOUS DAY. THIS GAME SHALL BE A SPLENDID GAME OF CAMARADERIE AND BETRAYAL.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,178,You mean trolling at an advanced level?CjBeats,179,I do not understand what you mean by that my good Jelly.Vizier,180,
Mh. No like.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,181,Oh. You will 

Gut, based on nothing, read: Gikkle town.Red_Pandas,182,yeah
well im obviously not neutral, because im mafia.
yeah maybeSkrimiche,183,i thought you said you didn't know your alignmentRed_Pandas,184,yeah but I got the mafia chat so im good nowSkrimiche,185,oh okay sweetSkrimiche,186,hey now wait just a diddily darn second here

did it not say your alignment in the title of your pm??Red_Pandas,187,I mean who knows, I COULD be a secret hidden neutral in the mafia chatRed_Pandas,188,why
why would it
be in the title?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,189,Pandas obvious jester?Vizier,190,Jesters win if they die by vote...Right?Red_Pandas,191,tbh I kind of think this is some sort of scum slip 
I dont know exactly how that would work but im sure thats not how the pms workRed_Pandas,192,I agree10000 Jelly Doughnuts,193,Yes. And Machine's a fan of the original jester that kills everyone else when they die.Red_Pandas,194,that sounds really exciting tbh I think you guys should vote me10000 Jelly Doughnuts,195,Nah, we'll NK you instead 

Someone's a vig, right?Skrimiche,196,@10000 Jelly Doughnuts is your alignment in the title of your pm/file?

sure it is!Azmimel,197,I don’t think we should lynch pandas today, but we should just shoot him. 10000 Jelly Doughnuts,198,It's just labeled 'Game C' and has the role contained within. 

Although I notice a lot of spelling and grammar errors within the file, so I think machine was in a rush or something. Dunno. What's it like for everyone else?Skrimiche,199,inb4 he made them all different so people couldn't cheese the gameSkrimiche,200,oh i see
i meant the name of your role pm file, not the hypixel pmAzmimel,201,are you that nervous about a joke post? don’t like that :3
That’s a good point.

Skrim/Gikkle/Mark/Pi

do any of you actually have a post modifier or are you just joking?Azmimel,202,we all made the pms so that would be NAI anyway

also don’t feel like we should be doing this to solve the game : (Red_Pandas,203,I haven't checked my file
ohh that makes much more senseMrEevee7,204,You know town isnt called mafia this game right?
Didnt machine say there are no jesters?Azmimel,205,maybe his post modifier is that he has to lie all the time? can’t see how this would be a good jester play. It’s way too obvious; I think something else has to be going on here.MrEevee7,206,You requested machine for a normal role pm tho so you dont have a file10000 Jelly Doughnuts,207,Lmao probably.
TBH, that's a pretty scummy thing to say. I've not seen town non-ironically say that.
Machine said that *anything* could be on the rolelist afaik. I could have misread the rules, but I think he said earlier that anything goes.Skrimiche,208,why would i be nervous because of you  

re: post modifier - joke

what do you suggest instead then
cause i dont have anything elseGrones,209,Aye me heartie! I be a cap'n and a used car salesman! Yarrrr!Skrimiche,210,why are we assuming people have post modifiers and using that to determine alignments/roles .-.Grones,211,Yarrr ye be a rude wench, ye be speakin to Mel10000 Jelly Doughnuts,212,Even if Pi has a post restriction, he's having too much fun and I love it. Lock town for wholesomeness.Azmimel,213,Idk, you’re the one who asked me to explain reads made during RVS. Why ask me to explain these reads and not the other one I made after it?? 
there were enough people acting like they had post modifiers that I thought it was a possibility.

remember pi’s worldeater role?Azmimel,214,heyyy do you have a post modifier or nah?Grones,215,It be a fool's errand to affix our spyglasses on th'heavens-cursed speeches. It be the gods playing a jest on ourrrrrr lives! Next scurvy rat to say a worrrrrd gets to be a man overrboarrrd!HunterC98,216,am i a joke to you?HunterC98,217,Redeemed. All is forgiven.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,218,Everytime I read your signature, I want a burger. Dang you.Grones,219,Avast me hearties! The signature be needin an update!Azmimel,220,do you like our pfp?? i picked it out please compliment me Azmimel,221,can’t dislike posts yet : (Skrimiche,222,for anyone else who was wondering if this was actually true or not:
///////
ily mel but my point still stands xoxo

duh, because i only care about things regarding me. uwu

i think the odds of another post modified worldeater are too low to give significant thought to atmAzmimel,223,love u too 
You ask why I thought post modifiers could be indicative of alignment/role and that was my first thought. my point is that if they are real we shouldn’t brush them to the side.Grones,224,th'signaturrrre be amended forrrr th'high seas!Skrimiche,225,ehh
i still dont think theyre important (or at least not something to be focusing on for today). only one person (grones) could be argued to have one. what does that tell you?Grones,226,It be tellin ye I be th'cap'n and ye best be harkening to 'im lest ye wish t'be a wench strrrranded on BarbadosCjBeats,227,uWu panda-kun open wolfing, what a glorious day! This game will be as easy as taking a baby away from their candy!

[vote]Panda[/vote]Scythe,228,ayieh10000 Jelly Doughnuts,229,Oh?
Yes, I do! I really could go for some pasta right now, not going to lie
CJ using uWu unirionically is scaryMrEevee7,230,pandas is definitely scum, but if they are a jester we should probably be careful about lynching them. 
[unvote] [/unvote]MrEevee7,231,it gets worse when you realize
a. they dont have a file
b. they said they already read their role and it didnt say their alignment.Skrimiche,232,coward! [vote]red_pandas[/vote]Grones,233,I be thinkin this speech talk be a waste of ourrrrr voyageGrones,234,Ye ruffians be speakin of a jester
10000 Jelly Doughnuts,235,
^
Specific beats general, and if someone had something in their PM saying they differed from the rules, that takes the reigns.CjBeats,236,Doth thou fellows really think the machine would throw a jester in this here game? Nay, panda-kun is quite simply a wolf who scumsclipped. Tis the only logical explanation for his actions, say I.Gikkle,237,I claim jesterGrones,238,Gikkle be a fine tarrrrget t'send overrrrboarrrd methinks10000 Jelly Doughnuts,239,why the hell are you doing weeb shakespeare speak?Grones,240,This be the second Shakespeare rrrrreference on this ship! A coincidence?Azmimel,241,It was the first thing I noticed when I read up this morning, so that's why I asked a question about it. Red pandas being jester feels a little too easy for me. Why was he being so obviously scummy?? That's why I suggested an alternate theory: a post modifier. But it's just that, a theory.


I don't know what it tells us because I don't know that much yet. I was just curious as to why some people were acting like they had one. Could be important in the future though.Azmimel,242,pandas rating one of my posts funny feels like a punch to the gut tbhGikkle,243,the alignment is in the title right
tbh I missed that completely and just thought "village #" was something to just describe me, not my alignment. My actual role pm doesn't have my alignment so I didn't know I was town until I asked for my win con an hour later lol.

So maybe pandas is telling the truth and since there is no title machine can change in the pms sent by panda he just had a role pm with no alignmentRed_Pandas,244,I may be dumb, but I'm not stupid
no I really haven't, machine told me my role in the pm
I think machine had given me a file already when I asked for a normal pm
yeah that's true
ew CJ saying uwu instant scum [VOTE] Cjbeats [/VOTE]
scum jest?
how does not having a file make it worse
and I got my alignment now im pretty sure it was just an error that I foundRed_Pandas,245,I reaaaaaally want to do funny talk somehow but I cant think of anythingHunterC98,246,hmmm....i say we give the man what he wants, what do you all say?
[vote] Gikkle [/vote]Red_Pandas,247,I find it really funny that I've managed to get myself almost consensus scum read by doing random RVS jokes

no, I am not going to stop.Azmimel,248,are you seriously going to write this off as RVS? fmlGikkle,249,consensus? By like 4 people?Gikkle,250,It's still RVS in my heartAzmimel,251,;-; I'm so confused right nowCjBeats,252,Who knows why any of us do anything in this accursed world?

let us look at thee panda-kun. An experienced member of this here mafia party. Are we to truly believe the man is a dumbfounded idiot? He is not! Panda-kun is an intellectual who scumslipped as his pms are different than our own! Tis the only logical explanation for senpai’s actions!Red_Pandas,253,yes, I will
tbh though the jokes did kinda suck
yeah pretty muchCjBeats,254,Let me enlighten thee. RVS means random voting sycle. You are welcome!Gikkle,255,Town members can't win after dying
Thus town and mafia will be equally scared of getting lynched
Anyone who acts like they are okay with being lynched is a liarCjBeats,256,Hunter me pal! What is thine experience with the game of mafia as we play now?Red_Pandas,257,Im pretty sure mine is the same as everyone else's but coolCjBeats,258,Did ye not ask the machine senpai for a role pm different then our own?


and yet, you my dear Gik claimed jester! Hmmmm suspicious!Red_Pandas,259,yeah I dont actually have a file
just checked
I had one for game A but then I moved to game C
so my alignment technically wasn't anywhere in my PM before machine added itAzmimel,260,I get what you're saying, but I also don't understand why he wouldn't have just questioned machine privately until he understood his role. Why does he benefit from announcing that he has no alignment in his role pm?? What does that do for him?? 


if it was a joke it was a terrible one. 


Oh, CJ, you are a saucy boy!Red_Pandas,261,yeah kind of?
it was just asking for my role in the pm instead of in the file
technicallyyyyy it wasn't a joke 
but I did announce it ironicallyCjBeats,262,Perhaps the machine senpai made an Oopsie woodsie? Could it be!? Is our senpai incompetent??CjBeats,263,There was once a saying back in the day of mine from whence I was born! Comedy is subjective! Terrible jokes are still jokes my dearest Azimel!Grones,264,This be a revealing day, we thrrrow Gikkle orr Skrrrim overboard! Hunterrr, Panda, and Cj arrrrre loyal to the cap'n, forrrr cerrtain!Red_Pandas,265,im afraid soCjBeats,266,And did the machine senpai give you your request in the different role pm?Grones,267,[vote] gikkle [/vote]CjBeats,268,Alas, perhaps we should lynch him instead! Oh what a great sacrifice we must make for our panda-Kun!!Grones,269,Cj ye best stop discussin rrrrrole PMs lest ye appearrr as a conspirator mutineerrrr t'me, thrrrowin the discussion overrrboardCjBeats,270,Enlighten me my dearest cap’n-kun, what is the problem with mistress Skrimiche on this day?Grones,271,[vote]cj[/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,272,I. I.

I'm intimidated. I won't lie.CjBeats,273,My curiosity shan’t be quenched, not even by my dearest cap’n-kun.Grones,274,She be talkin amiss, and I be seeing a vile connection betwixt herrr and th'GikkleRed_Pandas,275,can confirm
yeah I think machine Lynch would be a good idea
yesCjBeats,276,Oh to switch so fast in the heart of thee! What a glorious mind you possess!Azmimel,277,
hmmmm ok10000 Jelly Doughnuts,278,




Pi's reversal of his opinions is well within his normal town meta, I think. Therefore, I will say that Pi is a high TR of mine, and would rather not want him lynched.CjBeats,279,Then chalk it up to nothing more than a miscommunication! Non-alignment indicative say I!

[unvote][/unvote]
It is settled!


my dearest jelly! I am playing most seriously in my heart!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,280,This is 1000000000% cursed.Azmimel,281,I don't like how quickly you accepted that. Where did your certainty go?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,282,


HunterC98,283,uhhh....lets see..last time i played was...what? 5'ish years ago?HunterC98,284,appreciate the vote of confidence cap!Grones,285,Jelly be using jests t'avoid exposing herrrrself as a vile mutineer?Azmimel,286,this feels like the complete opposite of how she was last game, so I'm kinda ok with it,Grones,287,Arghhhhh10000 Jelly Doughnuts,288,Nah, I just wanted to make memes. That's all. I would say that I'd stop doing them, but that would be a lie, because they're funny. 

[Vote]Cj/Vote]

Something pings me about him, he feels wishywashy.

ANd yea, pi's that way too, but he's usually that way as town.Grones,289,Panda be town, no throwin o'erboard, cap'n's orderrs10000 Jelly Doughnuts,290,I disagree with him being town, but agree with not lynching. Hopefully we have a TK that can handle the jester.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,291,because I don't see scum pandas or town pandas being this way tbh.HunterC98,292,i feel too scrambled to make a fair assumption here.

cap'n seems busy being the spitting image of a proper town seafarer.

gikkle seems to be pure chaos.

cj seems awful authoritative, though that could be chalked up with trying to make up for missing some talk time.

jelly seems to be alright so far, a pinch quiet but i dunno how she plays to make a concern of that.

azmimel is either staying very quiet and stoking flames or just unavailable most often.Azmimel,293,Maybe if you explain the connection between Gikkle and Skrim I'd explain my read :3


He's either village idiot or neutral imoGrones,294,Let's brrring out the rum and play a game below decks! All ye scalleywag excuses for sailors, bellow out the scummiest, most treacherous words ye can


The cap'n'll begin

I be so disappointed I be a loyal one this voyage, I be hopin t'be a treacherous mutineer, but the gods declarrre me loyal to me post, th'CAP'NRed_Pandas,295,I feel like I probably would be dumb enough to make these jokes as bothAzmimel,296,the only reason why I could imagine anyone saying this is because they want to be lynched.Azmimel,297,trying to chat with my hydra partner :3MrEevee7,298,hes still lying about not checking the file, as he claims he doesnt have a file later on
so you knew your alignment, so why did you say you didnt?
scum != mafia, it just is evil roles. so jester would be scum as it makes town lose in the case that it is lynched
because you said you didnt read your file, but if you dont have it thats just an obvious lie that you didnt read it.HunterC98,299,aaah...yes that is a thing, my bad.Red_Pandas,300,eh
that doesn't mean I'm lying though, if I dont have a file then I didnt read it?
so it's still true
my alignment was never in the PM before I made the joke about it
after that machine added it
technically I didn't
I dont think jester is even in the game since everyones win-con is to stay alive and defeat the other faction iirc
but that means it's true??
also I did think I had a file
my memory is bad and its not something I thought was importantCjBeats,301,Twas explained away by the panda-kun! My certainty was replaced by uncertainty before being uprisen by a new kind of certainty!
Then ye are but a bab who I shall protect henceforth!


Is coming to an understanding wishy washy my dearest jelly? It is not!MrEevee7,302,no one says "i didnt read my book!!!" if they dont have a book. you were clearly trying to make an excuse for "not knowing your alignment"
ah yes, what a great reason to be town. "my memory is bad"

guys i claim scum!!!!
wait no my memory is bad im actually town!!!Grones,303,9 times out o'10, when ye landlubbers be assured and confident ye caught a scumslip rrrrelatin' t'role PMs, ye be sorrrely mistaken. This be a useless arrrrrgument made by lazy landlubberrrsRed_Pandas,304,as said previously, at the time I thought I had a file 
I never tried to make it an argument that I was was town but sure
I was literally just stating that I had mis-remembered it
also me claiming that I was mafia is the most obvious joke in history10000 Jelly Doughnuts,305,Rum? Rum?

Honestly: scum doesn't usually tend to say that they wished they rolled scum. It's a town move in my experience. Or at least I think so. Pi just keeps on being more townie somehow.
No one read the rules closely enough and it shows.
This is 100% cursed why am I in this game, I should suffer in the nexus instead why why why why whyRed_Pandas,306,im dumb be patient with meSkrimiche,307,pg 13 atm
[vote]CjBeats[/vote]HunterC98,308,okay, lemme be the first to come to the question, do we lynch off of all the nonsense in an attempt to knock out a bad guy or let time pass and use abilities to try and find stuff out?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,309,In most games, town tries to lynch everyday due to the information gained from the flip and the potential mafia member dead.

Here it may be less advisable because a lynch on someone is an automatic 'you lose' thing, so I feel like people are more hesitant this time.DAREALMoneyMan,310,I do not like that you are attempting to brush off his actions via of setup speculationGikkle,311,[VOTE]No-Lynch[/VOTE]
When's the last time we had a d1 no lynch? :3HunterC98,312,soooo keep yapping till someone slips?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,313,Based!
[Vote]No-Lynch[/Vote]
Yep, you got it. Eventually someone will vote dumb, pressures build and then scum slipping happens!CjBeats,314,Oh Gikkle-Chan, you wild man! Perhaps once I would’ve joined you on your quest to lynch not a soul, but alas, I have come to realize the benefit of lynching a person day 1. To not do so would be an inservice to the game!HunterC98,315,aye aye cap-errr...jelly.Vizier,316,You seem...Rather. 

Dead-set on lynching.CjBeats,317,And you aren’t my dearest Arra?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,318,I'm waiting for the time CJ says 'you saucy boy' unironically. 

I think I woke up in the twilight zoneSkrimiche,319,what if they just dont care about losing :3

im down
[vote]Skrimiche[/vote]

gikkle is quaking in his bootsVizier,320,Not particularly. I really wouldn't want more company.Grones,321,Arrrgh! Based! 
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Grones,322,Land ho!Grones,323,Argh! I meant @CjBeats10000 Jelly Doughnuts,324,CJ is a farming instrument?Grones,325,He'll be farmin votes 'ere the tide changes10000 Jelly Doughnuts,326,Also: weird thought: what if dead players were still in the game somehow.

Seems very weird that Machine would just ban dead chat and giving the rolelist.

Maybe there could be revivers. Idk, just seems odd to me.HunterC98,327,That could be interesting, but then the question is, what extent of knowledge would they come back with?Grones,328,The dead souls be sent away from Davy Jones locker because all 3 worlds be connected, methinks.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,329,The same bit of when they were dead, I think.
most assuredly there’s a connection.HunterC98,330,Which makes sense of the snippet of not revealing roles.HunterC98,331,guess playing it safe would be the smart thing to do..
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Grones,332,If ye were bettin yer life on it, which of these ruffians would ye wager is a mutineer?HunterC98,333,if i was to wager my doubloons against a soul, i would say one of the quieter ones...likely mito. just don't have enough to go off of to make a safe assumption.Grones,334,Aye! Mito be a treacherous cabin boy, but for other reasons.

Speakin of quiet ruffians, lurkin under the sea,
@DAREALMoneyManHunterC98,335,i wanted to ask about him but wasnt sure if i just didnt know his name he used.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,336,Explain?TheHorla,337,I don't 100% understand the pandas situation, but I learned the hard way last game that most of the time, "scumslips" related to PMs and formatting are usually just people getting confused.

Let me see if I read this right:
- pandas got his role in a PM, not a file
- the text of the PMs doesn't contain a wincon
- since you can't edit the title of a PM, machine forgot to tell pandas his alignment
- pandas noticed this, made a joke out of it
- people didn't realize that pandas wouldn't have known his alignment from his file title, since he got his role as a PM
Explaining away behaviour as a post modifier is bad logic and scummy. If we want to argue that player such and such is "obviously scummy" because of a "post modifier", we might as well hang up our towels and go home here.
Eevee is way too confident here for my liking.
Disappointed in gikkle for speaking sense here and not using this prime reaction fish opportunity.Azmimel,338,yea, but I also don't like the fact that he's trying to write it off as an RVS joke. I wouldn't lynch him either way, but I certainly don't think he's towny.
Not attempting to brush his actions off. I'm trying to figure out on earth he would inform us (apparently as a joke) that he had no alignment in his role pm. It was just a theory . I personally don't see scum or town doing that in any situation.Azmimel,339,I think they are, specifically because of this quote from the rules for game C
Grones,340,Mito be a snake charmer, a silverrrr-tongued succubus


Across the 7 seas, I've always known this landlubber to be a rotten soul from the malbolge. He be a seducer, a liar, a flatterer, a two faced duplicitous freshwater politician!

His treacherous mutiny sails on
He be a sower of deceit, he sets our ship along the wrong course, subtly like the Majesty's snake charmer he be.Grones,341,What be the cabin boy's agenda?Skrimiche,342,[VOTE]MrEevee7[/VOTE]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,343,Mmm, I disagree, but there's probably no reason to be setup speculating
Okay other than being a dnd monster, what did Mito do?
Why?HunterC98,344,i shall kick back and watch this show unfold til i have anything interesting or thoughtful to add.Azmimel,345,oh sorry i should've been more specific on which part. I think dead players will still have an impact on the game. I have no clue about revivers.TheHorla,346,Am... I the cabin boy? Or eevee?Azmimel,347,this is the second time you've voted a person pi has put under some sort of pressure with no explanation.Grones,348,Review th'rest o'me post, illiterate wenchTheHorla,349,Where did pi pressure eevee?Grones,350,Eevee, that dogMitochondria,351,I agree with Mark's take on the Panda situation. Don't fully understand what their confusion was and honestly don't care enough about this discussion line to spend the brainpower figuring it out, but odds are more likely they got confused and communicated their confusion poorly rather than them being scum that we caught right away.

I'm also mindmelding with Mark on his Eevee take (shows up, tunnels Panda, then dips; I especially didn't like the post he made asking Panda to "prove he's not neutral evil," it's a weirdly specific thing to ask for), but I'm super uncomfy with Skrim's naked vote on him and the underlying feeling that thread consensus is quickly shifting against Eevee. Quick shifts in thread consensus generally indicate that the target's town.

I'm not sure if I dislike this post because a) I'm annoyed that we're already starting our discussion about how Mito not living in the thread = scum (in which case this post is NAI and I'm just being emotional) or b) it's scummy that I get specifically called out despite the majority of the game having done nothing thus far.

Pi's read on me is bad and he should feel bad, but I like his play so far.

Pi and Mark feel town, sans the post I called out above I've been liking Hunter, Skrim's kinda weirding me out so light scumread, I guess scumread on Eevee too but I don't think Skrim/Eevee is a scum pair.Grones,352,And where be th'first time?TheHorla,353,@Azmimel are either of you ABBA fans? (Based on your signature, just wondering)10000 Jelly Doughnuts,354,ah okay yea.
I did, you threw out spicy insults and then refused to elaborate more lolGrones,355,I'll hang ye from th'highest mast with yer own innardsMitochondria,356,I'll sink ye ship before I hangAzmimel,357,oops I mixed up you and grones. But the point should still stand. She's voted people that others have put under pressure with no explanation. 
Don't know about azmine, but I sure am.Grones,358,He be seekin a pocketed sailor, and he be veering us off course, distracting us like a Siren's cry!TheHorla,359,An hour ago I impulsively scumread him for it, but:
- good chance eevee is confused as well
- scumhunting is good, considering that it'd be easy for scum to sit back and chill right now
- I agree with mito that a shifting consensus that eevee is scum is in general indicative that eevee is town (particularly considering that he's often considered an easy lynch)Grones,360,


HunterC98,361,fair, i may not have said it well, the second half of the message was supposed to be me saying i am not fully capable to make a firm guess because i don't have anything to compare it against.CjBeats,362,You are doing amazing my dearest sweet huntie-Chan.

Let us move forward on our conversation from the mister panda-kun! It shan’t get us anywhere doddling on about it! When does this here fine day end?Grones,363,@CjBeatsHunterC98,364,Day 1 ends tomorrow at....7:45 PM i believe?Mitochondria,365,If Pi or Hunter flips scum, I think it's decently likely the other flips scum as well. They've been pretty buddy-buddy all game (meta is fairly useless, but as a point of comparison from playing scum with Pi before, I remember he's not big on bussing teammates) and I'm still weirded out by Hunter shading me without committing to a Mito scumread stance and then backpedalling a bit when I responded (builds support for Pi's read without him really sticking his neck out there).

@CjBeats-kun uwu, what do you think of things so far?CjBeats,366,Such a long day, oh me oh my! Thank you dearest cap’n-Chan. I shall love you long time.Grones,367,One of these cabin boys will walk the plank, ere the day is done! E'eryone else aboard this ship be safe!Grones,368,Yer a bold oneMitochondria,369,Being controversial is fun Grones,370,LiberrrrralsCjBeats,371,I think things are just downright fascinating in this here game! A glorious tale of whodunnit taking place upon our doorstep!
I know not the reasoning on why people are scumming the Eevee-weevee, so I could use an explanation, but beyond that there confusion I do so believe the cap’n-Chan is a good lad. Huntie-wuntie-kun is newish, so I shall protect him for now. I do so believe that talking about panda-kun as we have done so much is becoming nothing more than a waste of time. That moment has passed. I would like to hear more from my dearest arra! A delightful, beautiful, man!Grones,372,Aye?Mitochondria,373,Very wholesome post but oh so very safe! Gimme something spicy, what's your hottest take about the game right now?CjBeats,374,My dearest jelly is a sneaky, sniveling, conniving devil bent on seeing this dearest world of ours burn to the ground upon which we stand!Mitochondria,375,Now we're cooking, how come?HunterC98,376,i was asked who i thought could be scummy and answered off of what i had...which still aint much...Mitochondria,377,That's fair - and to be clear, I've generally liked your posts thus far - but the point still stands. Wishywashy reads are never a good look because they're commonly used by scum to set up mislynches and erode the town's trust in other townies without the scum player needing to commit to the read or lead the lynch (both of which look bad when the target flips town).10000 Jelly Doughnuts,378,[JOKEVOTE]JELLY[JOKEVOTE]

oh god, everyone's doing weeb shakespeare and pirate speak. Get me outta here


---
I can see a wolf eevee, but I'm hesistant because he's LHF and I feel like I could be misdirected.

It's very weird cash hasn't spoken at all, but I don't think that's AI.

CJ feels... off for some reason, maybe the restriction is throwing me off, but it feels like some serious misdirection in his posts.CjBeats,379,Despite being how one may say active, she is too concerned with how people say things instead of they say! No notable contributions have come forth from her blessed heart, and I find that odd for someone of her stature and expertise!CjBeats,380,Right as I say such words she comes with the spice, oh my! Misdirection in what way my dear friend?HunterC98,381,alrighty, ill be sure to keep that in mind.Grones,382,Indra moment 


(Argh)Grones,383,Cj vs Jelly be a fool's errand, akin t'searching for the fountain o'youthCjBeats,384,Then consider me a fool, cause this one errand that I just must run! My curious heart shan’t be quenched until I do!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,385,Let me go through your posts real quick and find what sort of bothered me. It's very possible it's not your fault and I'm in shock from the PR.CjBeats,386,I shall await patiently with pounding enthusiasm for your return!MrEevee7,387,idk about anyone else but it says right in my file what my alignment is, not just the title of it. so machine shouldve still told him his alignment regardless of whether or not it was in a normal pm. i assumed this meant he was neutral as normally neutral just comes with the roll and no statement of alignment
and then he started talking about his file, which seemed scummy to me as he shouldnt have one based on his request, and he also said he didnt read his file, which would be a pointless post to make if he had read his pm where his role should have been, so id assumed it was again, a lie.Azmimel,388,First post I could find related to his interactions with Pandas.





Eevee remembered that Pandas asked for his role in a PM instead of a file, and then fixates on Pandas saying he did not open his file where his role was because that shouldn't have been a possibility for Pandas. 

I feel like it's way too easy to scum read Eevee based on just his interactions with Pandas (which are the only significant ones he's had), especially since Pandas was creating confusion, which is not a townie thing to do.

Right now it's low-hanging fruit, and I'd like to see more from Eevee before I actually consider him to be a lynch target.

@MrEevee7 whatcha feeling right now?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,389,The hard part is that I do have issues with telling jokes and such over text. The post modifier is making it really difficult to tell if you're sincere or just playing it up. I try to keep it in mind, but you do seem to be trying to pocket people.
And then you make the argument that there was a scum slip despite not knowing anything about the format of the roles, especially because I can't really find an example PM anywhere that would justify the reason. Pandas was weird, but this is a confusing game.

Although saying you've never read your PM (pandas) is scummy, so that's agreeable
With Hunter
Hunter again, and then you were enlightened, but it reads to me like you thought this was a dead end thing.
Pi.

And well, you seem to have an odd relationship with Mito too, the 'spiciest takes' feels very forced to me.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,390,Spicy take: Neither Eevee nor Pandas should be in the lynch pool today.Azmimel,391,I'm okay with a no-lynch, but I want Skrim to explain why she voted CJ and Eevee.Grones,392,


Red_Pandas,393,setup spec good, this argument is not valid
that's pretty much right
I can get thinking pi has one but me being a bit confusing definitely =/= post mod
if anything its very normal for me to be confusing10000 Jelly Doughnuts,394,You know, when it feels like everyone's trying to pocket you, no one is. But there are like three people who did click agree on a lot of my posts recently.

EDIT: removed 'let me check' idk why I put that there.Azmimel,395,yeah, I got a little overeager thinking about post modifiers. 
I thought you didn't like CJ? Where are you on that?TheHorla,396,Why are you bringing up a no lynch so early?Azmimel,397,because three people have voted for a no-lynch so farAzmimel,398,just checked vote count, it's actually fourTheHorla,399,It just feels super weird to preface that question with that statementAzmimel,400,I mean if skrim doesn't explain her votes well then I won't be ok with a no-lynch.Vizier,401,
I swear I heard someone roll in their grave with that joke. Absolutely sickening.HunterC98,402,Sorry, that was me.Grones,403,
Grones,404,@TheHorla a used car for your thoughts?CjBeats,405,Me and mito-Chan’s relationship is one of resounding love, but that does not mean I would like to pocket. Alas, I know not the heart of Mito-Chan, so I cannot say anything about him! As for the other laddies you mentioned, I simple wish to protect huntie-wuntie on this first day as he has not played in many a moon. And is it wrong to love my cap’n-Chan for telling me when day ends? I think not! But that is the only reason I said such things, so i find it a stretch if you think that’s me trying to pocket the dear lad.

And one does know the format of a role pm, or at the very least one should! After all, we all received one from the machine senpai!TheHorla,406,Null on everyone except gikkle (light town for speaking up for panda) and lean scum on skrimiche for voting eevee.HunterC98,407,to be fair, a lot of what eevee has to say is either voting or straight calling folks out, not that i agree against him but it is something to keep aware of.Skrimiche,408,
i have my reasons, and if i dont make them public then that is also for a reason. :s

i dont think he is?

gimme a bit

scary ;-;Grones,409,Eevee be a mighty sailor, no LHF 
He be no mutineer, ne'erthelessGrones,410,Who ye be wagering be the mutineer, then?DAREALMoneyMan,411,Alas I am binging Ted lasso, I will probably be done with the season by the end of the day so I’ll do things then (TM)Skrimiche,412,also i voted cj because he had stinky energy but i dont feel like pushing him rnRed_Pandas,413,relatableAzmimel,414,Other head popping in! It's cause (you're his scum buddy) : )Skrimiche,415,prove it busterTheHorla,416,Maybe skrim and azmimel?TheHorla,417,To expand on this a bit: azmimel made some really poor attacks on panda (the whole pm speculation bit was bad, thinking that he had a post modifier that made him always lie was scummy, reading him as jester was scummy, not considering that he may have been a bit confused (and that he was telling the truth that he didn't know his alignment at the beginning) was scummy.)

Skrim naked voted eevee after I attacked them is scum-indicative, and mel immediately criticizing them (and afterwards weakly pressuring skrim) feels a bit more like scum distancing than actual scumhunting.Azmimel,418,Pandas came out and said that he did not have an alignment in his role pm, and then later claimed mafia. He did not claim that he was joking until later. That was confusing to me. I saw absolutely no reasoning for town or scum to have made that move, so I assumed he was a neutral who wanted to die. I don’t think that’s scummy.

I never speculated above role pms. In fact, I was very against it. I did speculate a bit about post modifiers, and yeah, I’ll admit I fixated on it a bit too much, but I was trying to figure out why on earth he would’ve decided to share all of this information with us instead of dming machine and figuring it out, which is what I would’ve done, and post modifiers were on my mind because of the earlier discussion. Was it a poor decision to setup speculate so early on? Probably. Is it alignment indicative? Probably not.

I don’t know why you think my argument against skrim has been weak. I haven’t voted her, that’s true, but I didn’t want to vote anyone until I discussed it with my partner.

this is the only post I made about role pms.MrEevee7,419,Idk tbh but i feel like some of the ppl on my wagon are scummy
Why? That's just straight up an anti town line of thought.Skrimiche,420,anti town? like an anti hero? sickSkrimiche,421,+ no it isnt

machine if by some miracle youre reading this i hate you for the no edit ruleRed_Pandas,422,I can see that, kind ofRed_Pandas,423,its been in mafia games like foreverSkrimiche,424,

Spoiler: cj stink pg 13









Skrimiche,425,yeah but normally i can edit in my afterthoughts when i post
now i have to double post and it's annoying for people trying to catch up TheHorla,426,There's a whole bunch to unpack here:
- if someone claims mafia, it's obviously a joke
- jokes are a thing, and don't necessarily imply that someone wants to die.
- I think it's scummy to read into his behaviour this much
- Making assumptions about the veracity of panda's claim that machine forgot to state his alignment is inherently PM speculation
- Re: why panda shared the info: when I read his posts, I found it funny that machine forgot to give him his alignment; that you didn't consider (or pretended to not consider) that he shared it because mod errors are funny is scummy.
- I didn't say that the post modifier speculation was scummy because it's setup speculation (but good point there, I guess that's one more reason to scumread you!). Your comment was scummy because trying to explain player behaviour by post-speculation ("they are lying/acting off because of mod instructions") is not a townie line of reasoning.
- Your argument against skrim is so far weak because I find it unpursuasive.Rorschach,427,*unpersuasiveGrones,428,Jokes aint always jokes arghhhSkrimiche,429,FIGHT ME YOU COWARDRorschach,430,Sure.
Skrim has been modkilled.

I win.

Skrim has been reinstated into the game.MrEevee7,431,How is it notTheHorla,432,What are you saying here?Azmimel,433,





1) From my point of view, we were out of RVS/the banter stage. Pandas said he thought it would be exciting if people voted him. That implies he wants to die.
2) He didn’t clear up that it was a joke until 30-45 minutes after, and during that time he was a major topic of discussion. The majority of players on at the time believed him to be a jester. He didn’t clear it up immediately even though he was online, which I found weird.
3) You’re telling me it’s suspicious to analyze a player I found scummy at the time? 


My argument was not about PM speculation because I was questioning why he shared the information with us. I was confused because I would’ve asked machine instead of sharing it with the rest of the players in the game. Because of this, I thought it might be a ploy to make himself seem suspicious and therefore get voted.





Proof that I never once speculated about what was actually in his PM, just that I wondered why he actually did it.


Once again, I didn’t understand why Pandas was sharing the information with us. So I tried to figure out why. Two things came into my mind. Jester, which was a common answer among the online players, and a post modifier. I thought of a post modifier because of what I’d been thinking about before with you, grones, skrim, and Gikkle.


My argument against Skrim is her votes with absolutely nothing to back them up. I made that point before you did, you just dedicated an entire post to it. Do you not find your own argument persuasive enough?Skrimiche,434,im sure youve had times where you didnt want to spell things out for a greater purposeGrones,435,Nothin 
Yar har harGrones,436,[vote] cash [/vote]Gikkle,437,I'm 2% closer to ending the world
better kill me before thenTheHorla,438,Not yet, actually! It's pretty weak right now. My argument is that you're making the same (weak) argument as I am, but to distance yourself from her.
*shrugs* Regardless of how you define the end of RVS, I did not take their posts seriously. I think you are taking some posts that were not meant to be taken seriously far too seriously, and tied yourself up in knots trying to explain them via post modifiers.
I think the majority of players that were on at the time were wrong about that. 
Yes, depending on what you're analyzing? See the comment above about taking things seriously.
Just trying to understand something here. Did you think he was telling the truth that machine forgot to give his alignment, or not?
I understand that! The facts here are clear. But I think your conclusion was wrong, and I find it suspicious that you came to the conclusion that it was a post modifier.MrEevee7,439,sure, but seeing as it is impossible to have mech info atm, i dont see how it could be that.
and not explaining reads, unless youre just being lazy, doesnt help town at all and makes you look like you dont have any actual reasons for them10000 Jelly Doughnuts,440,Except speculating on pms is useless especially for Req because he does make changes and edits to the template all the time.

Heck, he didn't even put a period in my pm, is that scum indicative?

Also Skrim, give your reasons, let's not play this gameSkrimiche,441,booooo

touché

Cj - I quoted the posts that pinged me earlier while I was reading up. I didn't feel like pushing him (I confess to being lazy!), and I switched off to Eevee soon after because that's a vote I have reasons for doing aside from gut.

Eevee - First, I thought Pandas scumslipped about his alignment not being in his pm. This was because i asked Machine earlier if the "village" in the title of my google doc was my alignment (because it wasnt in the contents of the doc), and he confirmed it. But then I thought about it some more, and realized it was more likely that it was just a goof & not an actual scumslip. Eevee pointing out the contradiction with Panda's PM (being on the hypixel forums and not a google doc) seemed townie to me, but his subsequent hounding of Panda afterwards didn't. You can argue that the attempt at gamesolving is townie, but to me, it looked more like scum going after low-hanging fruit.

anyways im dipping to pet some cats and my dog grandson, ciao o/Skrimiche,442,also the reason why i didnt elaborate on the eevee vote was because i wanted to see how he'd react to it & whether or not he'd continue to push pandasAzmimel,443,Are you trying to trick me into actual pm speculating? Either way, it doesn't change my argument. I found him suspicious because he volunteered the information, not because he claimed machine forgot to give him his alignment.

Oh, so you're not as confident as you seem. 
you're right, it probably wasn't meant to be taken seriously. However, that's how I took it at the time, and since I want to defend myself I am attempting to explain my thought process. 
My conclusion wasn’t that he had a post modifier, my conclusion was that something else was going on here. Post modifier was just an example of something else that could’ve been going on. 
HunterC98,444,where was this mindset back when i horsed around with bold talk and ended up getting myself lynched on just talking around?Grones,445,We be halfway to nightfall, best we line up some choice ruffians to walk the plank! 

I wanna see 
Mito
SkrimGrones,446,Gikkle 


Send them all to the plank!Vizier,447,What flavor stinky? Skunk, onion, rotten food?CjBeats,448,
What happened to me oh cap’n my cap’n? doth thou not know your own heart? What a spicy lad you are oh cap’n-Chan to change up so quickly! 

Mistress Skrimiche-kun, I saw thine post about my stinkiness, but alas I do not understand what pinged you about those? Will you enlighten my darling heart?

And to my dearest jelly, I have seen your point! Oh what a wonderful mind you possess!CjBeats,449,MY LOVELY ARRA OH TO SEE THINE FACE FILLS MY HEART WITH SUCH JOY!!

Tell me, my dearest Arra, doth thou have any thoughts?Scythe,450,"Shall I compare thee to a summer day?"
"You're both hot."Vizier,451,
Nothing really rattles around in this dead head of mine, but I figure I can dig something up to support an idea I have.CjBeats,452,Oh superb! I shall await your return with bated breath!Vizier,453,There's. Not a cupid/lovers role in this setup. Right?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,454,Days I wish I had a vig shotVizier,455,



Edit: Posted meme twice.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,456,You are exceptionally wishy-washy.

[Vote]CJ[/Vote]CjBeats,457,You no longer need one, for this comment is already a knife to the heart! Oh what a cruel, black, wicked, twisted, nasty heart you must possess to say such rudeness to one such as me!CjBeats,458,A man merely knows when to change his mind when faced with arguments that make sense! My mind is not fixed, it is open to one’s voices!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,459,Mmmmmhmmm
You're really wishy washy, not changing your mind with good arguments. It's more that anytime anyone puts any push back on your opinions, you drop back. You've done it like 4 times.Vizier,460,

TheHorla,461,I explicitly stated earlier that my scumread of skrim was pretty weak, so my "confidence" is really just a strawman.
No, you're getting paranoid. You assumed that pandas posting "I don't have an alignment" makes him scummy or a jester - what logically follows is that you assumed he was lying about not having an alignment. If you thought he was telling the truth, his statement is obviously NAI, since he made it before he had an alignment!TheHorla,462,There is literally figuratively nothing to use to form a mito read right now.TheHorla,463,Final thought: Grones is funny as heck, but most of his posts substantively add up to "I want to lynch mito and skrim" or "Thoughts?"Grones,464,A used car for your thots?Grones,465,Lies and deception, mutiny! He be a conspirator, I quoted the ruffian.Mitochondria,466,Pi, do you have an argument against me which doesn’t boil down to “oh he TRs me which means he’s scum trying to pocket me”? I’d hope yes if I’m one of your top lynch targets today Red_Pandas,467,I ran out of reactions, expect no communication from me for exactly 24 hoursMitochondria,468,Maybe this post? Idk, I guess I’m biased but I genuinely fail to see how any of this is scummy. First quote was RVS, second was genuine curiosity and trying to spark discussion, third was my read at the time and an attempt to get some non-RVS discussion going. Fourth is setup spec and thus bad, but ehRed_Pandas,469,the rule hasn't changed at all
probably..
we don't know for sureRed_Pandas,470,yeah tbh no ai in thereGrones,471,Yarrr! I be quoting yer crimes! Ye set us off-course with yer insinuation that post mods be alignment indicative/one o'them be scum! Subtle, but powerful derailing! Typical mutineering!MrEevee7,472,Why mito?
This does seem like a bit of an overreaction thoughRed_Pandas,473,trying to find out why you're scum read is not overreactingGrones,474,Arghh! I be explainin meself o'er and o'er!Grones,475,Jelly be sailing under our radar, methinks.Grones,476,[vote] Gikkle [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,477,
"Slipping under radar"
votes gikkle.

also smh at not reading any of my arguments with CJRed_Pandas,478,I really don't get the thread title tbhGrones,479,With respect, ye olde cap'n closes his eyes and scrolls past e'ery word Cj posts10000 Jelly Doughnuts,480,Oh okay, understandable why you missed it and scum read me. Have a nice day.Grones,481,SR ye? Ne'er said that! Don't ye be puttin words in me mouth like some kind o' freshwater tv show hostMrEevee7,482,No, it's not. But he could have awaited groness response instead of writing an essay. I just found it a bit odd is all.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,483,But you do so...Grones,484,Should I? 


Arghhh!Grones,485,But that were me reasoning! He be askin for me reasoning, and found it! This be a weird position to take, Eevee. I'll have ye swabbing decks for a week for this!Skrimiche,486,good news: the cats like me
bad news: im allergic to catsSkrimiche,487,onions are divine you take that back

sure, gimme a min

ahaha yeah ive never done that as town myself ahahaha
ahaha
aha10000 Jelly Doughnuts,488,Yes. Go on!MrEevee7,489,Well since he clearly wasn't satisfied with the reasoning id expect him to not say anything about it then attack you if thats all you said it was in case there were more reasoningGrones,490,So ye admit to being a scalleywag?!Grones,491,Why would he say nothing? Is he a mute? A dumb landlubber? No, he be a tricksy siren, speech be his gift.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,492,Yes

(I shouldn't have to do the joke here but I will)MrEevee7,493,So that he makes sure he doesn't attack you needlessly..? It's what i would do at leastGrones,494,Why would he be wary o'attacking me "needlessly"? He be scared o' me?Grones,495,This be no laughing matter!Skrimiche,496,On second thought, I agree with Cj on this? Whoops. Not sure why I thought it felt wrong. Might've been the "subjective" bit triggering a primal response in me.

The only thing he questioned from that list (Azmimel scumreading me/Gikkle + townreading Hunter/Panda/Cj) was the scumread on me, which is strange. I'm not sure why he would pick to exclusively focus on me there.

(Context: Grones offers me & Gikkle as lynch candidates, then votes Gikkle, then 2 posts after voting Gikkle tells Cj to stop discussing role PMs because it's derailing the thread*, then 2 posts after that votes Cj.
*@Grones did I get that right? Just wanna make sure I'm understanding the pirate lingo. :3)

I was going to say: "Cj shouldn't be calling out others for being wishy-washy when he's been doing it himself", but when I looked back at the actual posts I had in mind from him, I actually think the progression might be natural? He basically went through the same "Panda scumslipped" --> "Panda/Machine just goofed up" thought process as me, although he stayed at Stage #1 of that longer than I did.


Spoiler: Cj posts












@Gikkle what do you make of this^? My confidence is shattered and my night is ruined. :<Skrimiche,497,@ the cj debacle: im gonna sleep on it
and by sleep on it i mean im gonna forget about it until i remember that im playing in this game tomorrow and check the thread
o/Grones,498,Man, I have no idea, I, myself, lose half the meaning while typing up these posts

ARrghh I mean, ye be right on the trrrrreasure lass!HunterC98,499,isee that we have made a lovely circle of conversation....right where we started 'n such...10000 Jelly Doughnuts,500,You missed how he said I was scummy and then I gave a single response and he decided that was okay.

Hmmm. I don’t have an opinion on mark right now and that concerns me.Red_Pandas,501,very relatableTheHorla,502,I don't actually believe this, fyiTheHorla,503,Day 1 Votecount:
(2) nolynch: Gikkle, HunterC98
(2) cjbeats: 10000 Jelly Doughnuts, Red_Pandas
(2) gikkle: Azmimel, Grones
(1) mreevee7: Skrimiche
(1) chucklenuts: DAREALMoneyMan
(1) mitochondria: Mitochondria
(1) thehorla: Vizier
(3) Not voting: TheHorla, MrEevee7, CjBeats

You can view this votecount and all previous votecounts in the #votecounts channel in Discord.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,504,You can not believe it. I am saying this because as of this moment, it's true.

I'll go through your posts and see what I think after that.MrEevee7,505,[vote] gikkle [/vote]
@GikkleGrones,506,Argh! Well I don't be believing yer disbelief!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,507,

Spoiler: Mark's posts






PREGAME ^
---






























I think these are all of mark's post, did it by hand though so possible I missed one. Going to do a little step by step and assign arbitrary points to each post. These points add up to a fake final score that is entirely real and will determine my read.

Which will come in the next post so I can actually click on the quotes and read them as I'm drafting my response.
---

EDIT: hopefully fixed spoilers
EDIT 2: hopefully fixed spoilers?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,508,The first quarter of the day was rather weak until Mark enters in with his Pandas post, providing evidence to a joke gone awry. Nothing about the post is outstanding towny or scummy wise, although at the time it may have looked as a controversial opinion because of how everyone seemed to be whipped up into a frenzy about Pandas 'scum slip'
+1 Town Points

Asks about Pi pressuring eevee, which is incredibly NAI.

Goes back on his eevee read and admits it's impulsive, agreeing with mito. This I think marks the real end of the Eevee Pandas debate, although people would later also enforce their opinions on it.+1 Town points for admitting fault.

Dislikes a no-lynch, especially honing in on Azimel when at the time there were 4 people actually on the no-lynch train, asking none of them! I'm hesitant to call it tunneling, because it's not quite as aggressive as that, but in a couple posts down still thinks scum team could consist of Azimel, focusing on several things like Azimel considering Pandas to be jester. However, in the thread there were a fair amount of people considering jester as an option, why did Mark latch onto Azimel's posts about that and call it scummy? I feel as if there is some minor tunneling or busing here. +1 Scum points.

(Although looking at skrim's posts, they are rather weak in general, not providing reasoning until after someone calls her out on it bugs me as disinterested at the least and scummy at the most. Either way, NOT GOOD)

Mark continues to attack Azimel for things that other people did as well. +1 scum points. (Half the game was PM/setup speculating. Off the top of my head, Skrim and I did.)

Azimel sets up strawman; the argument continues. I'm now more leaning towards T/S or even T/T. I doubt S/S would use such terrible pushes to bus, and both Azimel and Mark would be fairly coordinated and careful on a bus if this were the case.

Final post is IIoA, heistant to assign scum or town intent to it, but I would argue that seems fairly out of character for him.

Final Score: 2 town points, 2 scum. An Azimel flip would be extremely helpful for resolving Mark; I think. If Az flips scum, Mark's a god-tier townie, because I don't see bussing in this scenario. If Az flips town, I'd hit mark with an investigative or a lynch.

Anyway, my thoughts on Mark. Minor ones on other people that have slipped under my radar.

---
Vizier (Arra): The vibes he gives off seem like someone rusty at mafia, not new. He has played in a couple minis here, but not ones that would justify his knowledge and apparent paranoia about lovers/cupid. I am extremely hesitant to say 'coaching' because that A: make me look like a jerk, and B: has bitten me on the butt of course. It's possible he researched and gained knowledge, and I think that my initial paranoia of 'COACHING?!!?!1!' is unfounded. Slight TR.

Hunter: TR. I have no idea how much Hunter has played before, but I'll assume he's new. He seems townie overwhelmed with learning the game. I think scum would provide more guidance in scum chat if he had rolled wolf. Of course, if Hunter does flip wolf, I think we can assume that wolves are inactive. 

Pi: Pi's town. I just feel it. Gut reasoning is of course bad, but he's acting like he does as town. 

Eevee: I think Eevee is a slight town lean for me, his confusion earlier with Pandas feels genuine. Also I don't think scum eevee naked votes like town does.HunterC98,509,If its anything worth mentioning, I was also aware of a Lovers style of role by Youtube....so that is a full possibilities.Gikkle,510,I'm not sure why you're tagging me specifically when I haven't really interacted with Cj but whatever

Also not sure if you are asking what I think of what you're saying about him or Cj in general

Your analysis is weird
One of your posts is like, why not just ask him why he picked the SR on you out of the others to question. Why make this statement without first asking Cj? Unless you did and I missed it...

I'm not too sure what the point of this analysis is if your conclusion is just "he might be town". Did you have some kind of big SR on him or something and this was supposed to be what made you turn around on that? I don't quite understand why you'd do an analysis on someone and just come up with "his progression MIGHT be natural", unless you strongly SRed them, but I don't see a reason why you would this early. 

Is this supposed to be some kind of test? I genuinely don't understand why you would make this post and not come up with a better conclusion than this.

My opinion on Cj? Idk, I haven't bothered trying to read him. Only people I've formed reads on are Mark(TR), Mito(LTR), Pandas(TR), and Eevee(LSR). Maybe someone else I've forgotten about, idk.Gikkle,511,How come you can't delete post drafts anymore :/Skrimiche,512,i did? p sure i only did it for like 2 posts before realizing it was a dead end

what other info would an azmimel flip give?

because i love you

i
...
hey @CjBeats why did you pick out the SR on me out of the others to question

i thought i had a (lightish?) scumread on him but then i lost confidence in it when i went to look at the posts that pinged me

gosh gikkle dont make me spell it out
it's 'cause im baaad ( ༎ຶ ۝ ༎ຶ )Red_Pandas,513,feeling good, might make 1 singular readGikkle,514,w.shoot Skrimiche
Mmm
Alright
What's your current read on Cj now then? Null? Light TR?
Sorry Red_Pandas,515,what do this meanGikkle,516,Information instead of analysisRed_Pandas,517,well I managed to read an entire ISO without forming any opinions at all
10000 Jelly Doughnuts,518,Information on Pandas. If Azimel flips scum, I'd say its safe to assume Pandas isn't scum.
That happens sometimes :/Skrimiche,519,if 1 is town and 10 is scum, then he's at about a 6Grones,520,Who ye ruffians be lynching?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,521,I'd be fine with a CJ or Azimel lynch for reasons stated somewhere in the thread.

Or you for the memes.HunterC98,522,about 6 hours till the notalynch happens, if someone is intent on going in the gallows, time is a running out..Gikkle,523,I think I'm top wagon rn
idek whyTheHorla,524,Why does gikkle have votes lolHunterC98,525,Oh? Welp, guess the gallows will be claiming a soul.....less folks wise up.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,526,Agreed, looks like some of them are for no reason lolRed_Pandas,527,[unvote][/unvote]TheHorla,528,Really don't understand the case against gikkle (literally none of his posts have registered with me.) Reading back, but until then [vote]No lynch[/vote]HunterC98,529,all i have on Gikkle so far is some very brazen remarks that honestly read as trying to bluff about an assigned role, and as much as i actually wanna vote for him..it just doesnt seem worth lynching in my eyes..Skrimiche,530,not me? ;O

also what
people are voting gikkle?HunterC98,531,A handful are, but right now looks like No lynch is winning.Grones,532,Yarrr! no lynching be a funny!

[vote] no lynch [/vote]TheHorla,533,You going to explain why you were originally on the gikkle wagon and are now switching off?TheHorla,534,Day 1 Votecount:
(4) nolynch: Gikkle, Grones, TheHorla, HunterC98
(1) cjbeats: 10000 Jelly Doughnuts
(2) gikkle: Azmimel, MrEevee7
(1) mreevee7: Skrimiche
(1) chucklenuts: DAREALMoneyMan
(1) mitochondria: Mitochondria
(1) thehorla: Vizier
(2) Not voting: Red_Pandas, CjBeats
The next votecount will be processed in 0.5 hours. You can view this votecount and all previous votecounts in the #votecounts channel in Discord.Grones,535,Methinks he be conspirators along the vile Skrimiche. Their RVS be more rotton than a landlubber's body left at sea.Grones,536,I be opposed to sendin ol' sailor Azimel down ye plankGrones,537,Both o' these 'ere sailors be experienced voyagers. They be from Port Chucklefish. 

Methinks yer Arra read be mighty suspiciousitious, on me grandmother's warts! Ye say ye be disregardin yer paranoia and yer seasickness, an' then ye reckon 'im a loyal sailor. If ye aint factorin in no coaching, none o'that, then what have ye to base yer read o'him? Ye mention but nothin else!TheHorla,538,Expand on this please?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,539,Why?
Yea but if someone starts playing mafia again after a break, it takes them a bit to get in the groove of things.
Also arra’s posted like 15 times, most of them being memes, calm a bit down in asking for a surefire read. I saw one post that was weird and then discounted it when I was being unreasonable.MrEevee7,540,[unvote] [/unvote]MrEevee7,541,Why are we no lynching..?Grones,542,Then why ye be readin 'im as a loyal sailor, instead o' null?Grones,543,erybody be voting Skrimiche off the plank early, an' Gikkle be mighty strange when he be doing it.


These posts be soundin' the bells o' enemy fire, methinks.

Voyagin on, he be letting out mysterious words

An' with no explanation o'er th'horizon

He be a dangerous pirate, methinksAzmimel,544,Reading up right now. One of us should be on for EoD.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,545,I said slight town read. Like so slight it nearly doesn’t matter.Grones,546,Hmmmmmm
Arrrrrrr ye suuurrrre 'bout that? Ye clearrrrly considered it important enough t'include in yer listAzmimel,547,[unvote][/unvote]

I didn't vote at all yesterday, so I'm almost certain that the Gikkle vote is from RVS.



I logged on a couple of minutes after he posted claiming mafia. I think the above is my first post of the day.I guessed this was a ploy by him to get voted, and that sharing the information about his PM was another way to make himself suspicious. It didn't matter to my argument that was he said was the truth or not, what mattered is that he decided to share it with us.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,548,I literally said above it: people who have been slipping under my radar. Smh illiterate pirate.Grones,549,Hmrrrrrr
Arghhhh
I be keepin me good eye on ye, tricksy sea dogRorschach,550,Guys remember to submit your flavors for game B, EOD is coming up and so is the deadline for that. Please submit it in your game B folder excel if possible, that automates things and makes the turnaround a lot quicker.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,551,Oh. Yea I should do that.DAREALMoneyMan,552,Just read and up and things. Not going to bother to give reads on people I didn't pay attention to. Even though I have done it in the past, I am disappointed people aren't following up on stuff they think is scummy just because jester is possible in this game. You guys are better than me!

Azmimel thingy



Spoiler: Full ISO




























































Spoiler: Notable Posts




Reported for bad takes. You are trying to rationalize his scummy behavior via "oh maybe post modifier!" 
I'd like to mention that I didn't find what Panda said about his pm not including his faction was scummy! If it was true, I feel like the other scum mates would notice, given the team follows the typical 1:4 ratio, they were missing someone. Back on topic, if you say he was being so scummy (even if obvious), why are you attempting to find an excuse for him (oh, he is probably Jester, or has a post modifier). Just because it is possible in the game does not mean you value it over dayplay. ALSO, a post modifier making you act scummy is stupid and I don't see Machine adding it. You could then chalk off all scummy behaviors to the modifier.
Because it was a joke? He was making light of the situtation?
Take note for later (referring to Panda).
It is always RVS for Panda (but I agree we shouldn't pass things off just because they say "oH it was RVS!"). You say here that you don't think he is towny, and referring to above post you said he was either village idiot or neutral. Thus, you think he is neutral in your own words. If you really thought he was neutral, why aren't you trying to see what type of neutral he is or voting him!
Town points here.

I have done this along with many other people in many other games. It is an obvious joke I:
NAI!! I don't think admitting that you made a boo boo is alignment indicative.
Refer to the post above x2
Well I don't think he really needed to say it was a joke considering it was obvious.
Too lazy to see what you are responding to here :/
Already said why this is stupid!



[vote]Azmimel[/vote]

I am also suspicious of Cj and Panda but I have other things to do. Like Bike. And Eat. And SleepDAREALMoneyMan,553,Also Mark you should give me the ISO bot!TheHorla,554,I am too tired to keep arguing here but this is another strawman. I am saying that if panda did not know his alignment, then him posting "I don't have an alignment" is obviously NAI. If you think he is lying for some reason, that is a different argument (and closer to the one you made.) When reading pandas, it matters what you thought his PM read; that is why I said you were speculating about his PM.Rorschach,555,Ryast has the ISO bot, not Mark.TheHorla,556,Ryast posted a link in #announcementsSkrimiche,557,why me owo
your post elaborating on this only had gikkle quotes

do you think azmimel & pandas are on the same scumteam or different scum alignmentsGrones,558,Gikkle be voting ye, then he be opposed t'me voting ye. It be worrying, like an ill tide.MrEevee7,559,Is there a reason were no lynching..?HunterC98,560,cause most everyone who was willing to lynch has either no voted or unvoted.Grones,561,Nightfall be in 10 minutesGrones,562,Arrrr! I be wrrrrrong! 50 minutes!Red_Pandas,563,[vote] no-lynch [/vote]
why notGrones,564,[vote] panda [/vote] 
I be a wacky pirateSkrimiche,565,bruh you made me panicHunterC98,566,I made myself panic..i thought i missed it.Skrimiche,567,[vote]no-lynch[/vote]Mitochondria,568,Refuse to vote for a D1 no lynch on principle so uh

[vote] Skrim [/vote]Mitochondria,569,Actually nah, I think Skrim's fine

[vote] Gikkle [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,570,Why Gikkle?Gikkle,571,i'm a good boi
I just like human flesh, nothing wrong with thatMitochondria,572,Bad gut feel, didn't do much of anything today, no other targets I feel strongly about right now.Mitochondria,573,Actually that's a lie, my pet theory is that Pi's scum but y'all ain't ready for that discussion yetDAREALMoneyMan,574,SameDAREALMoneyMan,575,Wait- why are we no lynching? Meh.Grones,576,I'lla turn'a you into'a pasta lasagna mama miaHunterC98,577,captain....who is this italian dude?TheHorla,578,Oh I'm ready for that discussion!


Re: today's lynch, fine with no lynch since the gikkle wagon is really weak and I'm not confident in anyone else (even azmimel) to eliminate.Rorschach,579,Esther is wheeled into the large room by a rather tall butler fellow, his tailcoats hovering so as not to touch the floor, and he carefully unfolds a little table and places it in the center of the room.

"You really chose not to lynch anyone?" Esther says distastefully, her eyes narrowing, eyelids you never knew were there stretching to do so. "You are all fools. You have one minute to kill someone. Or else." She says, as the butler places a large shotgun on the table. 

The first player to reply to this post with [SHOOT] @Player [/SHOOT] will take the gun and kill the player they tag.Grones,580,Who arrrrrre ye an' what ye done to th'real MarkTheHorla,581,Ever since gikkle and I got stats on our D1 lynch record, I've come around pretty hard in favour of D1 no-lynching when we have zero clue what to do. We used to NL all the time (and had a decent track record back then) - we should revive the practice!Grones,582,ARGHHH NOBODY TAKE TH'GUNGrones,583,IF ANY O' YE USE TH'GUN I BE HUNTIN' FOR YE TILL THE END O' ME DAYSRorschach,584,"Well? I'm waiting. If you do not do it, I will kill three of you where you stand." Esther says tersely.Gikkle,585,[SHOOT]@Rorschach[/SHOOT]TheHorla,586,Yeah, anyone who uses this gun without discussion gets lynched today.Grones,587,AAAAAAAAAADAREALMoneyMan,588,Can we kill Azmel Grones,589,AAAAAAAAAARRRDAREALMoneyMan,590,WE NEED TO CHOOSE SOMEONE OR 3 MORE DIE - I DON'T WANT TO DIEETheHorla,591,Everyone, relax. 

If machine wants us to lynch someone, then we'll do it. Do not shoot.Gikkle,592,kinda wanna shoot skrim... Not for any good reason, I've just always wanted to do it in a proper mafia game instead of a wolfia game...DAREALMoneyMan,593,but what if I shot scum :>Rorschach,594,There is no Rorschach in the game.Grones,595,How about I shoot ye, ye scalleywagGikkle,596,what happens if I shoot myselfDAREALMoneyMan,597,guys there is 1 minute until eod so we dont have time to change the wagon from no lynchGrones,598,RIP 3 people arrrrrghDAREALMoneyMan,599,I rather that then 3 random people dyingGikkle,600,[SHOOT]@Gikkle[/SHOOT]

LETS GOOORorschach,601,You lose the game if you shoot yourself.

EOD was 15 minute ago. Welcome to twilight.Grones,602,NOOOOOOOO ARGHHHGikkle,603,Great!Rorschach,604,Action not submitted properly.Grones,605,[shoot]@Mitochondria[/shoot]
GIKKLE WHY ARGHHHDAREALMoneyMan,606,WHY10000 Jelly Doughnuts,607,oh shoot, no pun intended.Gikkle,608,[SHOOT] @Gikkle [/SHOOT]DAREALMoneyMan,609,watch as mito is scum though lmaoGrones,610,I BE SO CONFUSED HELP MEEEEEGrones,611,NO 
ARGHHH STOP WHYYYYGikkle,612,You didn't do it correctly either, you fool!

SEE Y'ALL IN THE AFTERLIFE

IT'S BETTER THAN SLOWLY WALKING FOR ETERNITY TOWARDS MY ROOMDAREALMoneyMan,613,why has my post count in twilight been triple than that of dayGrones,614,[SHOOT] @Mitochondria [/SHOOT]

Arghhh! TAKE MINE NOT GIKKLE I BE THE CAP'NTheHorla,615,...Grones,616,MITO BE SCUM YARR HARR HARRGrones,617,Arghhh I be blamin' Gikkle 
He be an agent o' chaos, a bombardier10000 Jelly Doughnuts,618,What the heck was that?1Grones,619,GIKKLE BE TOWN IF HE BE SHOOTIN' 'IMSELF 

I BE SAVIN A LOYAL SAILOR ABOARD THIS VESSEL10000 Jelly Doughnuts,620,I meant with mito, but honestly thanks for the explanation for town gikkle too?TheHorla,621,gikkle is town right lol

like

there's no wayRorschach,622,
Gikkle and Grones rush for the gun, however, Grones is just a bit faster, pulling the gun out and aiming it at @Mitochondria.

The gun explodes in his face, and @Grones topples to the ground.






"That's better." Esther says. "Perhaps this will teach the rest of you to be more decisive." She says, gesturing as the butler wheels her out of the room, picking up the gun from the corpse of Grones as they pass.

Day 1 has ended.Gikkle,623,I have a thick shell skull, I can take it!Grones,624,If Gikkle be shootin' 'imself, he be violatin' the CODE! He be breakin 'is wincon, so the 'eavens be strikin 'im down in MODKILL

but he be shootin' 'imself

a negative times a negative be a positive YARRRRR 

HE LIVES!
@Rorschach LET 'IM LIVEGikkle,625,c'mon man!TheHorla,626,jfcGrones,627,????
GIKKLE BE FIRST YARRRRAzmimel,628,EXCUSE ME 

wtfGrones,629,@Rorschach Gikkle actually shot and formatted correctly before me, though.Gikkle,630,I am canonically the slowest person in this game. I will probably not make it to my room until September/October.DAREALMoneyMan,631,no role flip?Gikkle,632,^ this

I shot myself fair and square! Let it happen!Grones,633,day is over no more discussion!!!!Rorschach,634,Night has started. No further game discussion is allowed. I did not make any errors.Rorschach,635,Forgot to add the song to the Start of Night Post.
Updated.Grones,636,@Rorschach title btwRorschach,637,As you all begin to enter the main dining area for breakfast, you recognize an old, surprisingly not dead face. @Grones was fortunate, and the gunshot blast was not fatal. On the other hand... @MrEevee7 will not be joining you. Not only are both of his left legs missing, but he is in fact, dead. The poor centaur.

The stench of death is strong. There's a raven sitting on the tables. Dead. A nametag on it indicates that its name was "Clive."
A note from Esther sits with it. "Don't disappoint me today. Or I will make sure you are disappointed in yourselves."



Spoiler: MrEevee7 Flip



Virgil the Centaur, the Village Lie Detecting Oracular Vigilante



I hope you enjoy your breakfast as the sun rises...

Day will end at 4:30 PM EST on Sunday, August 8th, with a Twilight of 1.5 hours.Skrimiche,638,uh ohhhhRed_Pandas,639,that seems that it would be powerfulGikkle,640,I've totally forgotten basically everything that happened in this game

Who did we suspect again? Mito?Azmine,641,Pi, did anything happen while you were "dead"Azmimel,642,you’re on the wrong accountAzmimel,643,Wow that's crazyHunterC98,644,Oh captain my captain, are you still alive?TheHorla,645,How does Oracular work?Red_Pandas,646,by miracle, probably caused by him being coolRorschach,647,Ask question, receive answer.TheHorla,648,Was the scope of the questions limited in any way?Rorschach,649,
HunterC98,650,Answer it NOBALLSGikkle,651,Isoing myself to jog my memory as to what has happened


Spoiler: my posts












































Gikkle,652,Mark/Pandas/Grones I guess are my TRs for today? Idk I'm going with my past self

I also apparently TRed Mito but idk whyGikkle,653,ISOing Eevee for nk analysis purposes


Spoiler: Eevee ISO






























Gikkle,654,Eevee's main contribution was pushing Pandas
Some shade thrown on Mito at some point too but nothing significantGikkle,655,[VOTE]Pandas[/VOTE]

carrying on my boy eevee's legacy!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,656,The pandas argument isn't really strong at all. I wouldn't think mafia would go and try to frame Pandas by killing eevee when the read was mediocre.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,657,I'm honestly confused about the NK in general. Eevee is usually lynchbait, not a NK. What is mafia doing?Gikkle,658,Doesn't your second sentence support the pandas argument
They aren't gonna be trying to frame him, so the only real reason to kill Eevee is to silence him if pandas is scumGikkle,659,In what game was eevee killed n1 because mafia was purposefully doing weird kills
Can anyone remind meMitochondria,660,I'm gonna be honest, I forgot everything that was happening in this game

Big wtf to Pi for trying to kill me when I wasn't on at the very end of the last day phase, not a fan of that play at all. Personal feelings about getting merc'd aside, it was super impulsive and, imo, big scum energy to make a move like that.Grones,661,I lived *****Grones,662,Yarrr ye be scumGrones,663,No yarrrrrGrones,664,It was be to save Gikkle and 3 townies yarrrr

Ye be scumAzmimel,665,Any thoughts beyond thatGrones,666,The mutineers be cowards n killed a sailor who ne'er voted a soul. We be hardp'essed t'read this 'ere kill.Grones,667,He be scum
I be a soulreadin cap'nTheHorla,668,I am backAzmimel,669,I mean you soulread jelly last game so I'm almost inclined to believe you.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,670,Ah. Yea. Whoops. Sorry. Yea. That's what I mean.Rorschach,671,Hi back, I'm dad.Red_Pandas,672,Ngl I would probably be the mafia member that would be the most sacrifice-able
I don't think mafia would want to keep ,me alone so much they kill eevee just for having a slight scum read on me
if I had a powerful role maybe
but I dont think that would be the entire reason the kill happenedAzmimel,673,This post reeks of town idkGrones,674,Mafia most likely be lookin at votes
Eevee be a no-voter
they be killin 'imTheHorla,675,Sorry just quoting this post as a test10000 Jelly Doughnuts,676,What do you mean?Azmimel,677,Why would they want to kill a novoter?Grones,678,Mafia be wishin' t'lay low. They be murderin' sailors who 'ave no strong reads. Eevee ended day on no vote, yarrr!Grones,679,This be no hypothetical. Look'er at the vote counts, ye scalleywag. Eevee be never votin.Azmimel,680,Yes, but what's your pointCjBeats,681,Did not most of the lads and ladies within this establishment either not vote or vote for a no-lynch? I do not think voting is the right way to look at this.Grones,682,-_-
Ye be intentionally obtuse, yarrrrAzmimel,683,Probably, it's kinda lateGrones,684,The laws o' this ship, the Game C, be dictatin' that any sailor that be killed, be a loser. If ye wish to win this 'ere voyage, ye live. The wincons be different, and we be no-lynchin'.Red_Pandas,685,why?Red_Pandas,686,I didn't post yesterday when I first read stuff but Gikkle's vote on me purely off of continuing Eevee's legacy
it just doesn't seem like something a town would actually doRed_Pandas,687,I like azmimels posts tbhRed_Pandas,688,It feels like Eevee was pretty controversial yesterday and slightly scum read so I'm confused on why scum decided to kill EeveeRed_Pandas,689,sorry for the quintuple post O_O

I kiiiind of don't like Skrim's posts, but not enough to feel like it deserves a scumread
I think I need some others thoughts for this read
what do y'all think of Skrim?Grones,690,Ye be right, we be sendin her off the plank10000 Jelly Doughnuts,691,What’s up with Skrim?Grones,692,/shrug
YarrCjBeats,693,/shrug?Red_Pandas,694,I was thinking something a bit more specific but I guess that worksGrones,695,I be messin' with Pandas
He may be a mutineer, methinks 
"Skrimiche should die maybe? Thoughts?" 
Be the mutineer words.Red_Pandas,696,that is an extreme misinterpretation of my words, captain.Grones,697,A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P 
a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p 


yarr!Grones,698,YarrrRed_Pandas,699,yeah but then that makes it confusing to quoteGikkle,700,who da heck tripped over me last nightGikkle,701,@Red_Pandas what are your reads?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,702,Was that you lol?CjBeats,703,What doth thou mean trip?Skrimiche,704,you forgot why you scumread me, didnt youGikkle,705,was it you, Jelly?!! Very rude!CjBeats,706,Pwease Gikkle wikkle, expwain to wittle ole me.Gikkle,707,someone tripped over me CjBeats,708,I do not understand.Gikkle,709,you don't need to.CjBeats,710,HmmGrones,711,Yarrrr, I be questionin' the importance o' this voyage 

I propose a nolynch again! Yarrr!
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Gikkle,712,can't believe mafia chose eevee to lose first
they must hate eevee personally, since he wasn't even that big of a voice
wow mafia, so rude10000 Jelly Doughnuts,713,Look, I didn't mean to.Gikkle,714,I also got a pillow last night, thanks to whoever gave that to me. much comfy.Red_Pandas,715,any apparent consequences or effects?
Almost no reads tbh, but so far Pi TR and Azmimel slight tr
Pi we have to get flip info at SOME point
Agreed
any effects?Azmimel,716,Not a single sr?Red_Pandas,717,Nope, not one!Red_Pandas,718,Money has barely posted and the only post he seemed to put effort into is just weak arguments against already weak-ish points
it's not like bad-bad so I'm not sure if it is enough to make me feel like a possible S!Money or not
but it is thereRed_Pandas,719,this isn't responding to Azmimel's question, this is cause I JUST looked at Money's postsGikkle,720,who we killinTheHorla,721,[vote]Grones[/vote]

Still very loopy right now, but my reasoning right now is something like this:
- voting no lynch on D1 is an actually sound idea, but voting no lynch on D2 is bad
- him picking up the gun and shooting mito was actually really scummy
- gonna say that still being alive after being blown up is kinda scummy, despite his (feigned?) surprise todayTheHorla,722,The flip side of this argument, though, is that shooting another player is a better play than shooting yourself. Obviously what gikkle did was super townie, but he had a 100% chance of killing town; from town-pi's perspective, he had a 1/4 chance of hitting scum, which is better odds than gikkle's play.

The other tinfoil theory is that gikkle is scum, knew the thing was harmless, and shot himself for town points, but that strikes me as super unlikely.

Still overall, decent scumread on grones for now; I'll keep my vote here for now.Red_Pandas,723,I have no ideaRed_Pandas,724,The forced killing at EoD had almost no hints beforehand possibly revealing it, Mafia would almost never know whether it was real/fake unless Esther (or whoever the person was, I think thats who) is working with the mafia.
I feel like Gikkle self-shot would be extremely risky of a play from scum so that makes me feel like it was a town move.
I would have to check back but if Pi had an SR on Mito it can make sense from a town PoV
however from what I remember, and saw from reading back for reads, Mito wasn't his strongest SR at least from appearance, as compared to people like Skrim and Gikkle (iirc)

Decent point though overall, I didn't do much speculating on pi's shots so this could be a very possible thing
This also makes sense
also I keep forgetting that pi got blown up by itharass,725,never knew a new mafia game was going on
/backupTheHorla,726,I mean, I don't want to speculate too much since there's just a chance the thing was harmless for anyone. But it's a big ??? why he's still here

I also have some thoughts about his actual reads but I really need sleep, I'll post them asap tomorrow; hopefully we can get decent discussion in the last 12ish hours or so and get a decent lynchTheHorla,727,Oh yeah I forgot lol

Grones is voting no lynch even after what happened yesterday

Machine sent a clear message that no lynches -> bad, and grones is basically going "yeah let's touch that hot poker again yarrrr"Grones,728,I be forgivin Mark's votes o' me since he be dyin' and recoverin', from his landlubber vaccine.Grones,729,Also, Mito be scum.CjBeats,730,Then why not vote him instead of a no lynch?Red_Pandas,731,[VOTE] Grones [/VOTE] igGrones,732,Pandas and Mito be scum, methinks

Panda be a timid scum, he be saying this





He never be taking strong stances aboard his vessel. He be test th'waters, lookin' through a glass t'see if fellow mutineers be with 'im. 

Mito/Panda/Someone else 
Mutineerers! 

[vote] Panda [/vote]Red_Pandas,733,I never have strong stances on anything in mafia
this isnt a new thingGrones,734,Maybe so, but ye be testin' th'water to mislynch POOR SKRIMICHE YARRRRRRed_Pandas,735,"I kiiiind of don't like Skrim's posts, but not enough to feel like it deserves a scumread"
as in
"I don't have a Skrim SR because their posts aren't quite bad enough"
also don't you have a Skrim SR?Grones,736,No, I be spurrin ye on t'see what ye do
I be naked votin Skrimiche, and ye went "ok cool". That be tellin' me ye perfectly good with her bein' thrown o'erboard. If ye didn't SR her, why ye be sayin:
Hmmm? 
Yerrrrrr a scum one! Mr Grinch!Red_Pandas,737,I was trying to say "maybe elaborate on why"
worded in a passive-aggressive kind of wayGikkle,738,Why are y'all voting Grones10000 Jelly Doughnuts,739,Money's busy rn.

Pandas reads are a bit sheepish imo, I could see a scum pandas. Placeholder vote, so I don’t get punished if I didn’t vote.

Sorry, busy today. Might be on before EOD but I don’t see it. 

[Vote]Pandas[/Vote]TheHorla,740,I actually agree on the pandas read but why is Mito scum lolGrones,741,Gut and this post
YarrrrTheHorla,742,I'm a bit more sane now fyi

It's kinda suspicious that jelly is parroting pi's vote JUST as I vote grones, which I did not expect

So I see sorta two possible scum teams: pandas/azmine or jelly/piTheHorla,743,That post is fine? I would scumread you if you shot me. And Mito has barely done anything so no idea how you can have a gut read on them in any direction.Grones,744,One death wasn't enough for these mutineer traitors yarrrGrones,745,T H E G U T 

Y A R RRed_Pandas,746,Mark made some posts about it
who am I sheeping with my votes though?
that post is fine?
gut is not enough hereRed_Pandas,747,with my reads*Red_Pandas,748,im pretty sure all my reads are original except the Pi read which ofc is because of markTheHorla,749,Yeah pandas is wheeling votes iirc, he's just being super underconfidentGikkle,750,Oh wait people only lose the game when they are lynched? Not when nked I guess according to the wording of the ruleTheHorla,751,Should read "isn't sheeping"Gikkle,752,Spring has sprung?Azmimel,753,S-Skrim is scum?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,754,Okay on lunch (not lynch, phone) break. Let me explain my pandas read, because I didn’t even see pi’s post really in depth.

Pandas feels noncommittal in any of his reads, which isn’t AI in itself, but then he asks about Cash. Cash, who is out of the game entirely rn, has been immune to lynches and what not afaik, and tries to get suspicion on him. That’s something pretty hard to miss, and I feel like pandas is trying to make a distraction somehow. Therefore scum.

Pi’s scummy too imo, but I have that weird feeling he could be jester and hope someone would be kind enough to kill him.Azmimel,755,oh we’re doing this again, are we?Azmimel,756,From machine on the discord

"
@Player i am making the executive decision to extend day 24 hours due to some housekeeping issues I need to deal with potentially preventing me from having internet during day end.

Day will now end at 4:45 on Monday, with a twilight of 1.5 hours. 

Game B will start 15 minutes after twilight ends in games A&C.
"Mitochondria,757,[vote] Pi [/vote]

Barring a dramatic new development, my vote's probably not moving. Mark kinda stole my thunder, but here are the main reason's Pi's probably scum:
-Again, the gun play was terrible. I'm biased, yeah, but I've never been in a situation where someone's been killed right at EoD when they can't defend themselves by town. Huge town points for Gikkle for his response; Gikkle, if you're scum then congrats, you pocketted me.

-Voting for someone immediately after Mark called him out for no lynching is a bad look imo. I also think it's odd he went for Pandas instead of me (and the no lynch instead of me yesterday) considering half his posts are about he soulreads me as scum. Why is he shading me (and trying to daykill me lol) instead of getting a wagon going?

-As I said yesterday, Pi's D1 play was blegh. I can go back through the posts and find examples of all these things if anyone really wants, but I remember disliking how much he was/is controlling the thread and discussion (shooting down discussion topics he didn't like, e.g. some CJ/Jelly (?) argument from yesterday, trying to railroad my death at EoD yesterday, etc.). My pet theory is that the pirate modifier's faked so he can seem more entertaining (thus more townie) and get away with having leaps in logic by blaming misinterpretations of his post on the modifier.

Unrelated question but @Gikkle was your human flesh problem resolved last night?Grones,758,Machine be threatenin t'kill 3 people. Gikkle conftown. You? Probably scum. Yarrrr it be the best play aboard the vessel


Gettin' ye lynched be a fool's errand. easier t'get yer fellow mutineer.



Idk what this be meanin' so I be ignorin' it.

I be willin' t'hop off th'plank, but absolutely kill Mito and Panda after I flip Town yarrrr harrrGrones,759,This lynch o'me be very strrrrange. Scum motivated, obviously. Mito and Panda be needin' t'die, ye landlubbers'll see. Yarrrrrr

Last scum (if there) be unknown t'me.Grones,760,NoGrones,761,My role be verrrrrrry scummy so I be not claimin even if I be fixin' t'die. If I die, I die. I won't be winnin even if town be winnin' but I be biased, anywhoo, so do be sendin Mito and Panda off th'boat when I be gone.

Rid me o'this cursed post modifier
[vote] Panda [/vote]Red_Pandas,762,When did I ask about cash
the person I actually asked about was Skrim, Cash is just the one who I have the least of a read on out of the players I've looked at.
I actually have been forgetting that Cash is immune to stuff, but I don't even want to Lynch them so that shouldn't even matter right now
Don't use the extremely slim possibility of a jester to avoid a Lynch on them
If you could explain why he's more scummy then you that would be great
If you think there are 2 scum you know of it shouldn't matter much who you decide to kill
this doesn't make sense from town
What is this
Bad
ScummyRed_Pandas,763,Anyone else find it extremely weird that Gikkle is just now theorizing about this, instead of on day 1?

(also just noticed @Rorschach thread title is incorrect I think)Grones,764,I don't really wanna reply to this bc none of the things you said mean anything
I feel like youre purposefully misunderstanding my posts or just asking questions to appear like you're open to changing your mind, when you really just want a mislynch.

Anyways, imma dip for rest of day because I don't really understand what game C is even for? And with Mark and Mito trying to get me lynched, I'm probably dead anyways, which ofc means I lose the game and idc about town winning if I lose, cuz im a wacky selfish biatch. Anywhoo, kill Panda and Mito afterwards.

Yarrrr!Rorschach,765,When they die.Rorschach,766,Shhhhh nooooo its perfect definitely says Day 2Gikkle,767,The fact you find it weird is weird because I just went back to look at the rules and that's why I'm talking about it lolGikkle,768,I still have a craving for human flesh, but I wouldn't call it a problem.Skrimiche,769,grones town
won't be on for most of today (or this week in general tbh) but let it be known!Skrimiche,770,grones town bc he's not acting like he does as scum (from what i remember, anyways; dont rly use/pay attention to meta personally)Red_Pandas,771,You're dodging everything I said in the post, by saying I'm misunderstanding your posts. (If we're both misunderstanding each other this much that would be bad but I don't see exactly how I'm misunderstanding what you're saying.)
If you really think I'm misunderstanding your posts in a way that's harmful to the town right now, you should be correcting what you said or what I misunderstood about it. If I'm getting everything wrong I really would like to know that.
Also referring to me voting someone I SR as "wanting a mislynch" is very scummy to say imo
I can't even explain how bad this sounds
Hm, must be me then.
I just feel like half-way through D2 is a weird time to be looking back at the rules
This doesn't make sense to meTheHorla,772,Reading upRorschach,1,[No mods this is not a duplicate it makes sense if you play the game. I'm sorry that my initial setup looks like spam. We'll be using all three threads. They're not the same.]






The rain falls steadily, the castle rising up.

The carriage we follow in this wet muck sprays up mud every few yards or so, drenching any passerby more than they were before. The rickety shaft of the undercarriage creaks and groans, before the vehicle eventually comes to a stop, the horses pulling it whinnying in annoyance.

Yet another dark carriage in the line tonight, outside the front gate. Some of their inhabitants were invited and came readily...others...not so much.
Thrown in like sacks of potatoes. Today the thunder does not rush across the landscape. For this is a sad day. This is a day someone dies.

This is Mafia.

Please read the following information carefully. Many rules are not the same, and the setup is atypical from what you are familiar with. Do not sign up until you have read how to sign up.



Spoiler: What is Mafia?



Mafia is all about lies and charisma, or at least synthesized charisma. The game typically follows a cycle of discussion whereupon a player is voted out of the game, followed by a cycle where silence reigns, and players may submit their actions which could include such types of things as protection, killing, or investigation.

The game is normally composed of 2 main factions, an uninformed majority, traditionally referred to as "town" or "village," and an informed minority known as "mafia" or "wolves." The wolves' goal is to equal or outnumber the townies, while the town's goal is to eliminate all wolves.

Sometimes there are additional alignments, such as additional mafia factions, or third party roles which can win with any side, or with nobody else.






Spoiler: The General Rules



These rules do not follow a priority system. They are considered sacred, and will not take precedence over one another. These rules may be pre-empted by more game-specific rules, but unless you are explicitly told otherwise either in an official DM by me, or by a specific rule governing a thread posted by me, these rules are hard and fast.

Obey all rules associated with the forum.
Do not discuss the game outside of this thread or host-approved DMs.
Play towards you or your alignments win condition.
Do not post anything in the thread after you die. Memes are fine, as long as they are not game related in any way.
Do not post game related stuff during the cycle at which actions are traditionally resolved. (This is normally referred to as a "night" phase.)
Do not post anything I send you in a DM in any way. This includes copy-pasting, screenshotting or capturing images in any other way. I will give you explicit permission if you are allowed to share something. Otherwise, assume you are not.
Paraphrasing things is fine.
You may not delete your posts, nor edit the post such that the content of the post's meaning is changed. This means only fix grammatical or spelling mistakes if you are editing your posts.
This game will be run across three threads. You will only need to keep track of 2, and only one of those two will have discussion at a time. (Traditionally referred to as a "day" phase.)
As a moderator, I am not bound to always tell the truth. I will avoid lying where possible, but to keep the integrity of the setup, it may necessitate explicitly lying about certain functionalities until they have been triggered.
Nights will be action phases, while days will be discussion phases.
Alignments in other threads are not indicative of alignments in this thread, and vice-versa.
I will not respond to in thread tags.
I will not answer questions in thread.
I will not read questions in thread.
I will respond to my oldest DMed question first. So if you spitfire, sorry it's just I gotta handle the load in one order or another.
You may not discuss a different game in a different thread. (No discussing Game A in Game B's thread.)
This includes Game A/C Combos. Even if you're not playing in both, you may not discuss the one you're not in in your host thread.

I could lie and say that flavor isn't alignment indicative, but that would be a lie. Flavor could be alignment indicative. Or role indicative. Or both.
Duplicates are possible. Even flavor duplicates.

Vote ties are not necessarily handled the same way cycle to cycle or game to game. If not specified at the start of a cycle, assume that it is whoever was at the higher number of votes the longest.
If Player A has 8 votes and Player B has 7 votes, then someone votes player B, player A is still lynched.
If instead someone unvotes player A, player A is still lynched.

No roles are banned from play. This includes OG Jester which kills everyone when it wins.
The bot is doing vote counts. (Thanks Mark.)
Due to the nature of the setup, hydras are discouraged but not outlawed.
THERE IS NOT DEAD CHAT. 
THERE IS NO SPECTATOR'S CHAT.
YOU DO NOT RECEIVE THE ROLE LIST UPON DEATH. 
YOU MAY NOT DISCUSS THE GAME UPON DEATH.




The following three spoilers will discuss specific rules that are different between the three concurrent games. Signing up for game A or game C will also sign you up for game B.


Spoiler: Rules: Game A



As with the previous rules section, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game A's thread specifically.

The capacity of players in this thread must be at a maximum, one less than the capacity of players in Game C. For preference, this game will have two less players than Game C. It runs most optimally with 9 or more players.
Being lynched in this game means you lose the game. Winners get to live to tell about it. Losers do not.
The game follows a traditional layout of Day Discussion and Night Actions. Cycles will last approximately 48 hours each (Night=48hrs, Day=48hrs), but will be updated at the start of each cycle to clarify as needed.
The order of operations for this game is hidden. As such, you will not receive it if asking.
The "town," or uninformed majority faction will be referred to as the mafia. The informed minority will be referred to under any of the following names: "werewolf," "sleeper agent," "wolf,"or "machine why is this so unnecessarily confusing"






Spoiler: Rules: Game B



As with the previous rules sections, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game B's thread specifically.

The capacity of players in this thread is at a minimum the summation of the number of players in Games A & C.
Atypical of traditional mafia games, the discussion phase will be referred to as "Night" while the action phase will be referred to as "Day." Cycles will last 48 hours each. (Day will be 48 hours, Night will be 48 hours)
This game will start on "Day 1," meaning it will start on an action phase.
No roles will be handed out for this game until the end of Day 1's cycle. Roles will be assigned as follows:
During Day 1, you will choose a player in the game, and a flavor for them. A role will be assigned based upon that flavor.
Flavors should be something you would borrow or rent from a library or archive. This could include any of the following types of items:
Books
Movies
Music
Journalism
Photography
Or others...

You may not choose yourself as the player to receive the flavor.
You may not coordinate to ensure that everyone receives a flavor. Some books are not yet written...
If a player receives multiple flavors, they may experience any of the following:
Be given the option to select one.
Automatically redirect the flavor onto someone else.
Receive all flavors as their flavor.








Spoiler: Rules: Game C



As with the previous rules sections, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game C's thread specifically.

The capacity of players for this thread is at a minimum, one more than those in Game A. It works best, however, with 11 or more players.
If you are lynched in this game, you are considered to have lost. Winners get to eat cake, and the dead do not eat...or do they?
The game follows a traditional layout of Day Discussion and Night Actions. Cycles will last approximately 48 hours each (Night=48hrs, Day=48hrs), but will be updated at the start of each cycle to clarify as needed.
The rules for this game are subject to update. At the start of each day or night, any updates will be shared in that start post.






Spoiler: Links to Games A, B, & C



Game A
Game B
Game C





Spoiler: Important Mod Posts



PreGame: Flavor Announcements
Day 1 Start
Day 1 End
Night 1 Start
Day 2 Start



Game C:


Spoiler: Living Players



@Gikkle
@10000 Jelly Doughnuts
@Azmimel
@Grones
@Skrimiche
@Red_Pandas
@DAREALMoneyMan
@Mitochondria
@TheHorla
@HunterC98
@CjBeats
@Vizier





Spoiler: Dead Players



@MrEevee7 (Night 1)





Spoiler: Backups



@Venusaur
@Illwei





Spoiler: Spectators



Thaum is the only person allowed to spectate.





Spoiler: Previous Games



Game I
Game II - Minecraft Edition
Game III - Minecraft Mobs
Game IV - Blitz Mafia
Game V - Food Mafia
Game VI - Music Mafia
Game VII - Super Smash Bros
Game VIII - Pokemon
Game IX - Terraria Edition
Game X - Mega Walls
Game XI - Video Game Music Mafia
Game XII - Yu-Gi-Oh
Game XIII - Time Travel Mafia
Game XIV - Night of the Living Goo’s
Game XV - The Library
Game XVI - Kits and Classes U-Pick
Game XVII - Star Wars
Game XVIII - Greater Idea Mafia
Game XIX - Comic Book Edition
Game XX - Chaos Rising
Game XXI - Final Fantasy: ExDeath’s Summon
Game XXII - Hypixel Mafia Players Mafia
Game XXIII - Night of the Living Goos: Part 2
Game XXIV - Pokemon Edition
Game XXVI - Murder in the Northlands
Game XXVII - Video Games
Game XXVIII - Desolate
Game XXIX - Amusement Park Mafia
Game XXX - Restaurant Mafia
Game XXXI - Night of the Living Goo’s Part 3
Game XXXII - Mark’s Hydra Hell
Game XXXIII - Alliance Mafia
Game XXXIV - Ancient Rome Mafia
Game XXXV - Space Mafia
Game XXXVI - Summer Vacation
Game XXXVII - Dawn of War (DnD)
Game XXV - Hypixel Mafia Players Mafia 2
Game XXXVIII - Applying to College
Mini-Mafia 3: Logical Fallacies Edition
Game XXXIX - Evolution Mafia
Game XL - Don’t Starve Mafia
Game XLI - Historical Figures U-Pick
Game XLII - The Suffering Game
Game XLIII - Minecraft Mafia
Mini-mafia 4: King Edition
Mini-mafia 5: Chess Edition
Mini-mafia 6: Meme Mafia 1
Game XLIV - Finale
Game XLV - Year Long Mafia
Mini-mafia 7: Ryast’s Mini
Mini-mafia 8: Jojo’s Bizarre Mafia
Mini-mafia 9: Persona 5
Mini-mafia 10: Kirby’s Mafia Adventure
Mini-mafia 11: Meme Mafia 2
Mini-mafia 12: Playing Cards
Mini-mafia 13: Profound Mafia
Game XLVI - DEFCON Mafia
Game XLVII - A Forgotten Temple
Game XLVIII - Halloween in January
Game XLIX - Mafia Hotel
Game L - A Test of Faith
Game LI - Evolution Mafia 2
Mini-mafia 14: Operating Room
Mini-mafia 15: Diffusion of Power
Mini-mafia 16: Simulation Mafia
Game LII: Conspiracy Mafia
Game LIII: The Legend of Zelda Mafia


TheHorla,2,What's Carpe Jugulum?Rorschach,3,Seize the throat.Azmine,4,HypeGrones,5,Game CDAREALMoneyMan,6,Why is Ryast in both games A and C Grones,7,Shouldn't this be Game C? Also, why is Ryast in both games A and C?Rorschach,8,Cause I'm not very good at hitting backspace a ton of times after copy/paste decides to put an extra space between every line.Rorschach,9,Rectified.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,10,Let's go!Rorschach,11,HOKIES!!!

BA DA DA DA DA DA DAAAAAAAAAAAAAA DUMMMMMMMHunterC98,12,Welp, the games are fixing to begin eh?TheHorla,13,Quick test here:

[vote]mark[/vote]DAREALMoneyMan,14,Quick, hammer mark pregame

[vote]mark[/vote]TheHorla,15,[vote]ryast89[/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,16,Pregame RVS?Skrimiche,17,eRorschach,18,




Esther surveys the room from her high backed chair, her gaunt frame unnerving. The room is littered with damp sacks, some of you climbing out of them. Some of you have been here for a while, chatting idly over tea. In the center of the room is a large cage, covered in a cloth, something rattling at it from the inside. 

"Welcome...to the game. Everyone. You have been briefed on the rules, and if not...well. They are publicly available to you." Esther says, pulling out a pen and holding it, pointing to a bulletin on the wall with the rules. "When you choose who to lynch for today, Chef says he's on vacation. So unfortunately we'll just have to drop them in there." She says, smiling thinly, pointing to the cage in the center of the room, where something growls from the inside. "Well...I shan't keep you...You must have so much to discuss..."

Day 1 starts Now. It ends at 7:45 pm, EST on August 3rd. Twilight will last until 9pm of the same day.Grones,19,Yarrr me hearties! Aweigh anchor and set sail for hammertown!Skrimiche,20,what is up gamersGikkle,21,10000 Jelly Doughnuts,22,[Vote]Skrim[/Vote]
!Gikkle,23,[VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE]Rorschach,24,@Gikkle
@10000 Jelly Doughnuts
@Azmimel
@Grones
@Skrimiche
@Red_PandasGikkle,25,Great minds think alike!Rorschach,26,@Red_Pandas
@DAREALMoneyMan
@Mitochondria
@TheHorla
@MrEevee7Rorschach,27,@HunterC98
@CjBeats
@VizierGrones,28,[vote] Skrim [/vote] make the wench walk the plank!Gikkle,29,Bandwagon moment
susVizier,30,[Vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts[/Vote]Grones,31,yar har har, ye landlubbers got no mind for naval strategy like ye ol' capt'nVizier,32,CAPTAIN!Skrimiche,33,im feeling like absolute buttcheeks so im not actually gonna play the game /sGrones,34,AYE ME HEARTYSkrimiche,35,not sure why a townie would post this even in RVS. seems like something only scum would do for townpointsVizier,36,LOOK!Grones,37,NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NOGikkle,38,Ah... I am so hungry... But food is so far away....Skrimiche,39,ehh, the game's barely started, doesnt really seem alignment-indicative to me. just a heehoo funnee attemptSkrimiche,40,just because it's RVS doesnt mean scum cant slip. i see zero reason for a town!skrim to have posted thatSkrimiche,41,like i said, it was probably just them trying to crack a joke.

+ other people have done similar things in the thread. why havent you been going after them?TheHorla,42,hey guys remember 3 votes is actually nearly halfway to hammer lolGrones,43,Alas me hearties, the lass "Skrimiche" is but a scurvy landlubber stranded at sea, lost her mind.Skrimiche,44,where? i havent seen anyone else try to deflect suspicion off of themselves with a flimsy AtE excuse. if im wrong then go quote themMrEevee7,45,[vote] mito [/vote]Gikkle,46,look at this person, talking to themselves. Insanity!

Though, I myself don't actually have any idea whats going on. Where am I?Skrimiche,47,this is just a waste of time. i shouldnt have to hunt them down for you

[VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE] stop being hypocritical with your readsGikkle,48,[VOTE]MrEevee7[/VOTE]Skrimiche,49,annnnd there's the chainsaw defense! found another scum. [VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE]MrEevee7,50,Omgus
[Vote] gikkle [/vote]TheHorla,51,Skrim you're making me giggle lolSkrimiche,52,but you voted mito?Grones,53,ye be at sea, but that be already beknownst to ye, ye conspirator. Ye and that lass Skrimiche be pirates flying the jolly rodger on open seas!

[Vote] Gikkle [/vote]Skrimiche,54,oh wait i see
disregard silly ol meMrEevee7,55,[vote] grones [/vote]TheHorla,56,What the **** is that pfpMrEevee7,57,Are you townHunterC98,58,crunchitize me capn.

Wait, hows the quote thingie work if the click quote doesnt quote?Vizier,59,Groan

Skrim is confusing me.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,60,THEY COME TO THIS PLACE WHEN THEY KNOW THEY AREN'T PURE!TheHorla,61,
Who are you guys?Rorschach,62,Hunter
ArraTheHorla,63,I repeat the question.HunterC98,64,wazuuuuuuupRorschach,65,From Chucklefish. They're in the discord.Grones,66,Ye click th'reply button, ye freshwater politicianVizier,67,Poyo!TheHorla,68,aaaahhhhhHunterC98,69,oooooooooh...well what does the quote thingie do?Skrimiche,70,no

sorry ;-;TheHorla,71,:Waves:HunterC98,72,skrim is an adorable bat, i see no problems.Grones,73,All yer quotes be stowed away below decks, ye press "insert quotes" to rouse those lazy landlubbers and bring em to yer postMitochondria,74,more like
amiright fellas???Vizier,75,Amgry Poyo.HunterC98,76,ahh, gotcha, thank you!Grones,77,[vote] mito [/vote] this mitochondria science wizardry be black magic, a terrible omen from the heavens, take him to the plank!Azmimel,78,Hi friendsMitochondria,79,oh captain my captain, if you wish for me to die, then die I shall

[vote] Mito [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,80,I would be very suspicious about the votes nearly getting a hammer this time, but I remember this game runs smaller than what we’re used to.HunterC98,81,yeah....i'll call that pun a lynchable offense...
[Vote] mito [vote]Azmimel,82,Quick hammer mito?Mitochondria,83,do it you won't10000 Jelly Doughnuts,84,For future reference, you got to have the slash at the start of the second vote.

just in case that helpsAzmimel,85,No, cause I appreciate that game C gets to say mito is hereHunterC98,86,Ahh....whoops.
[Vote] mito [/vote]

Edit: just to say i properly voted.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,87,Fair enough, but do you have any reasoning why you did that in the first place beyond random voting?HunterC98,88,nothing beyond a sinful punAzmimel,89,Scum team

Eevee
Mito
Panda
SkrimGrones,90,Throwing jests to the wolves, methinks Gikkle and Skrim be conspirators, plotting vile mutiny!

This be a landlubber's shot at pretending not to know the wench, typical freshwater lies. Gikkle may be a scurvy bastard, but he's the eye of the crow's nest for wizardry, no use pretendin to be a fool. Away with them! 

[vote] Gikkle [/vote]Grones,91,Skrim be a vile, lying lass, a stowaway here for vile mutiny!Gikkle,92,I have literally no idea what you're saying.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,93,Scum team:

Grones
Mark
Panda
YouAzmimel,94,Yeah id be okay with that10000 Jelly Doughnuts,95,That would be a stacked team.Grones,96,More lies! Yar har har! Ye be foolin us to think yer heads filled with saltwater!Azmimel,97,Exactly, I wouldn't mind. Except Mark would get lynched too earlyGikkle,98,I admit it, it was a lie. I don't have "no" idea, since I did have SOME idea. I apologize for this horrible offense, second mate. But your pirate speech is confusing, so I don't quite understand what you're trying to say...Azmimel,99,Lynch all liars!

[Vote] gikkle [/vote]Rorschach,100,Before someone asks again.

The town/village win condition is to:
1. Survive
2. Remove all threats to town.Vizier,101,Aye, this is a mutiny capn. Hand over all the bananas and gunpowder.

[Vote] Grones [/vote]HunterC98,102,i vote we test the captain for scurvy.DAREALMoneyMan,103,There is an impostor among us, and he is ourselves

[vote]chucklenuts[/vote]TheHorla,104,Oh, since we're all talking funny:

Heyday ho

pleasen no lynch mesa. Grones isa mafia, mesa thinkHunterC98,105,i wont lie...i was very tempted to change my vote over for the jarjar talk10000 Jelly Doughnuts,106,[Vote]Mark[/Vote]
Jar Jar speaking should be a policy lynch.Red_Pandas,107,


Azmimel,108,I personally am a fan or itVizier,109,Die, they must. 

[Vote]Mark[/Vote]Mitochondria,110,Why?Azmimel,111,I dont think he's randomly accused someone based on gut yet, that's a big tellGrones,112,YE WRETCHED BABOON! I'LL HAVE YE AS SHARK FEED ERE THE WIND CHANGES! 
[vote] Vizier [/vote]Grones,113,I be a lying, murdering, pillaging captain, but no mafia ever lay in me bunk with me. Me hands be clean.Mitochondria,114,Eh, maybe, but I think Pi's been fine so far. The only Pi-adjacent post that I haven't liked thus far is this one from Gikkle:

And I really can't explain why. Something about the post's tone (too serious? too dismissive? idk) just rubbed me the wrong way when I was skimming through.Grones,115,Gut? Gut?! I'll gut ye like a fish, ye scallywag.HunterC98,116,fair thinking, but is that a tell?Mitochondria,117,The Gikkle post? Obviously it's too early to really tell but I think it could be, weirdly defensive or dismissive responses to anything that could be perceived as an attack definitely isn't uncommon scum behavior.Red_Pandas,118,ikr I am so goodRed_Pandas,119,I think pi's pirate talk is funny and therefore Pi is hard town
I will not listen to any opposing argumentGrones,120,That post by that wretched mutineer Gikkle mayhaps be the fruit of his heavens-imposed speech impediment. He be playing the part of a confused, sun-dazed landlubber, away at sea, and far from his lass, for far too long. Aye, I remember when I was but a wee lad aboard the HMS Bictory, just a wee deck swabber I was, a cabin boy. Sick to the guts!Red_Pandas,121,gikkle instant scum for no pirate speakGrones,122,Me first mate rises!Red_Pandas,123,anyways, [VOTE] Rorschach [/VOTE]
I really can't shake off the feeling that they've somehow orchestrated this all
what exactly they may be planning is beyond me, but I know they're up too somethingMitochondria,124,nah, he wasn't doing the confused act for his first three posts of the gameHunterC98,125,how many times were you told to scrub the poopdeck?Red_Pandas,126,Aye, captain!Rorschach,127,Quite a few times unfortunately. On his first day he took the name a little too literally...Mitochondria,128,this is a dumb speculation read, but i think there will be scum among the people with post modifiers (and if one flips scum, the other(s) are prob town)Red_Pandas,129,TMI??
No post modifiers are in sight I think this is tmi!!Mitochondria,130,based, you got meHunterC98,131,post modifiers?Mitochondria,132,pi's pirate posting, skrim's schizophrenia posting, maybe gikkle's confused postingMitochondria,133,Post modifiers are basically just any parts of a person's role that require them to format all their posts in a certain way.HunterC98,134,ahhhh, gotcha...Gikkle,135,I think I'm more hungry than confused, to be quite honest.Grones,136,Mayhaps she be a truly disturbed lass, afflicted by rot of the brain, not a "post-modifier"Grones,137,Me life at sea as a young cabin boy was torturous! But now I be the most feared pirate and used car salesman in the seven seas!Mitochondria,138,You didn't seem very hungry in these posts


Is there any way anyone can give you food to help you out?TheHorla,139,Nosa reason, me just needed sometten to sayen in disa amusen translatorGikkle,140,I don't have a post modifier, I think. I'm actually not really sure yet. We'll have to wait and see.Mitochondria,141,okay fair

i'm so sorryGrones,142,Mito smells afoul to me, alike a gutted fish left out to rot in the Sun. Only good to throw overboard! Mito ne'er defends a soul 'cept when he be a foul mutineer! He be seekin to put the cap'n in his trouser pockets! Hardy yar yar!TheHorla,143,It's okeedayMitochondria,144,hey i can be selfless HunterC98,145,oh? Do you have early automobiles? im a big fan of the older models...Gikkle,146,Well... There is ONE way... But you might not like it... You see, it involves human flesh...Grones,147,[unvote] [/unvote] 
Yar Marky! Is this be the way to unvote, to appease the god of the seas, "vote count bot"?Grones,148,Aye we carry anything a landlubber would desire in their dark, nasty, landlubber heartMitochondria,149,How much human flesh?Grones,150,The only powerhouse on this ship will be used combustion engines! Yar har!TheHorla,151,YesaHunterC98,152,oh good..ill have to come and do some perusing for anything of interest...Grones,153,Methinks Hunter be loyal to the cap'n. He be returnin to the high seas after years of being away, surely he be wary and lurking beneath the depths, if he were a mutineer! Timid, scouting the waters! But he be in the fray, fighting with his cutlass like the best of us!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,154,I didn’t even consider Pi’s posting to be a restriction, I just thought he was like that this game.

I may be stupid, lol.

But anyway, I don’t think restrictions are AI at all, I can’t see mito’s argument tbh.Gikkle,155,Well... The exact amount remains to be seen.Gikkle,156,I thought we were just doing this for fun, to be honest.TheHorla,157,Me'm finden disa so fun dat me think me'm goen to keep it tup.Grones,158,It be no restriction! I be struck down by the heavens with this curse, but I will become more power than you could possibly imagine!






Yar har, I drifted to the wrong franchise, for a moment there lads. The sun and years at sea be taking a toll on this cap'n's mind.Grones,159,Away with ye, ShylockVizier,160,What if I need a new ship?Grones,161,Take yerself to the shipyards then, ye scurvy dog! This cap'n sells only used cars!HunterC98,162,i be a little rusty with my sword, more akin to my pistols and muskets..10000 Jelly Doughnuts,163,Did my car’s warranty expire yet?Grones,164,O not yet, no lass! But ye must be here for yer car's extended warranty! For a mere 9000 gold pieces, yer vehicle be warranted and safe to ride the streets of Port Royal for years (two years) to come! Ah! To the plank with years! Fork over yer firstborn and yer car be warranted for a decade!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,165,Sorry, my firstborn has a contractual obligation already.HunterC98,166,ooooh, is that the new payment method?Grones,167,Damn that thieving Rumplestiltskin! That scurvy dog! Freshwater kleptomaniac! Stealing me customers!Red_Pandas,168,technically my role pm never said what alignment I am so I may be scumSkrimiche,169,explain owoSkrimiche,170,sussy
[VOTE]Red_Pandas[/VOTE]Grones,171,
Scarrrrred arrrre ya?MrEevee7,172,Sadly no
I dont think any one of those is actually a post modifier tbh except maybe pi
When u claim neutral:
[vote] panda [/vote]MrEevee7,173,If you can prove you arent neutral evil you can stay alive for nowCjBeats,174,IM ALIVE.
IM KICKIN. 
I AM HERE.

I get to play with Mito uwu, how exciting. And my boy arra, who I shall defend with my life.


mfw10000 Jelly Doughnuts,175,That’s concerning10000 Jelly Doughnuts,176,Sadge, CJ forgets about me and Pi.CjBeats,177,Fear not my good jelly, I have not forgotten thee. I simply never play with the boy arra so it brings me much joy and excitement. OHO AND THE HUNT IS HERE TOO WHAT A GLORIOUS DAY. THIS GAME SHALL BE A SPLENDID GAME OF CAMARADERIE AND BETRAYAL.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,178,You mean trolling at an advanced level?CjBeats,179,I do not understand what you mean by that my good Jelly.Vizier,180,
Mh. No like.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,181,Oh. You will 

Gut, based on nothing, read: Gikkle town.Red_Pandas,182,yeah
well im obviously not neutral, because im mafia.
yeah maybeSkrimiche,183,i thought you said you didn't know your alignmentRed_Pandas,184,yeah but I got the mafia chat so im good nowSkrimiche,185,oh okay sweetSkrimiche,186,hey now wait just a diddily darn second here

did it not say your alignment in the title of your pm??Red_Pandas,187,I mean who knows, I COULD be a secret hidden neutral in the mafia chatRed_Pandas,188,why
why would it
be in the title?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,189,Pandas obvious jester?Vizier,190,Jesters win if they die by vote...Right?Red_Pandas,191,tbh I kind of think this is some sort of scum slip 
I dont know exactly how that would work but im sure thats not how the pms workRed_Pandas,192,I agree10000 Jelly Doughnuts,193,Yes. And Machine's a fan of the original jester that kills everyone else when they die.Red_Pandas,194,that sounds really exciting tbh I think you guys should vote me10000 Jelly Doughnuts,195,Nah, we'll NK you instead 

Someone's a vig, right?Skrimiche,196,@10000 Jelly Doughnuts is your alignment in the title of your pm/file?

sure it is!Azmimel,197,I don’t think we should lynch pandas today, but we should just shoot him. 10000 Jelly Doughnuts,198,It's just labeled 'Game C' and has the role contained within. 

Although I notice a lot of spelling and grammar errors within the file, so I think machine was in a rush or something. Dunno. What's it like for everyone else?Skrimiche,199,inb4 he made them all different so people couldn't cheese the gameSkrimiche,200,oh i see
i meant the name of your role pm file, not the hypixel pmAzmimel,201,are you that nervous about a joke post? don’t like that :3
That’s a good point.

Skrim/Gikkle/Mark/Pi

do any of you actually have a post modifier or are you just joking?Azmimel,202,we all made the pms so that would be NAI anyway

also don’t feel like we should be doing this to solve the game : (Red_Pandas,203,I haven't checked my file
ohh that makes much more senseMrEevee7,204,You know town isnt called mafia this game right?
Didnt machine say there are no jesters?Azmimel,205,maybe his post modifier is that he has to lie all the time? can’t see how this would be a good jester play. It’s way too obvious; I think something else has to be going on here.MrEevee7,206,You requested machine for a normal role pm tho so you dont have a file10000 Jelly Doughnuts,207,Lmao probably.
TBH, that's a pretty scummy thing to say. I've not seen town non-ironically say that.
Machine said that *anything* could be on the rolelist afaik. I could have misread the rules, but I think he said earlier that anything goes.Skrimiche,208,why would i be nervous because of you  

re: post modifier - joke

what do you suggest instead then
cause i dont have anything elseGrones,209,Aye me heartie! I be a cap'n and a used car salesman! Yarrrr!Skrimiche,210,why are we assuming people have post modifiers and using that to determine alignments/roles .-.Grones,211,Yarrr ye be a rude wench, ye be speakin to Mel10000 Jelly Doughnuts,212,Even if Pi has a post restriction, he's having too much fun and I love it. Lock town for wholesomeness.Azmimel,213,Idk, you’re the one who asked me to explain reads made during RVS. Why ask me to explain these reads and not the other one I made after it?? 
there were enough people acting like they had post modifiers that I thought it was a possibility.

remember pi’s worldeater role?Azmimel,214,heyyy do you have a post modifier or nah?Grones,215,It be a fool's errand to affix our spyglasses on th'heavens-cursed speeches. It be the gods playing a jest on ourrrrrr lives! Next scurvy rat to say a worrrrrd gets to be a man overrboarrrd!HunterC98,216,am i a joke to you?HunterC98,217,Redeemed. All is forgiven.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,218,Everytime I read your signature, I want a burger. Dang you.Grones,219,Avast me hearties! The signature be needin an update!Azmimel,220,do you like our pfp?? i picked it out please compliment me Azmimel,221,can’t dislike posts yet : (Skrimiche,222,for anyone else who was wondering if this was actually true or not:
///////
ily mel but my point still stands xoxo

duh, because i only care about things regarding me. uwu

i think the odds of another post modified worldeater are too low to give significant thought to atmAzmimel,223,love u too 
You ask why I thought post modifiers could be indicative of alignment/role and that was my first thought. my point is that if they are real we shouldn’t brush them to the side.Grones,224,th'signaturrrre be amended forrrr th'high seas!Skrimiche,225,ehh
i still dont think theyre important (or at least not something to be focusing on for today). only one person (grones) could be argued to have one. what does that tell you?Grones,226,It be tellin ye I be th'cap'n and ye best be harkening to 'im lest ye wish t'be a wench strrrranded on BarbadosCjBeats,227,uWu panda-kun open wolfing, what a glorious day! This game will be as easy as taking a baby away from their candy!

[vote]Panda[/vote]Scythe,228,ayieh10000 Jelly Doughnuts,229,Oh?
Yes, I do! I really could go for some pasta right now, not going to lie
CJ using uWu unirionically is scaryMrEevee7,230,pandas is definitely scum, but if they are a jester we should probably be careful about lynching them. 
[unvote] [/unvote]MrEevee7,231,it gets worse when you realize
a. they dont have a file
b. they said they already read their role and it didnt say their alignment.Skrimiche,232,coward! [vote]red_pandas[/vote]Grones,233,I be thinkin this speech talk be a waste of ourrrrr voyageGrones,234,Ye ruffians be speakin of a jester
10000 Jelly Doughnuts,235,
^
Specific beats general, and if someone had something in their PM saying they differed from the rules, that takes the reigns.CjBeats,236,Doth thou fellows really think the machine would throw a jester in this here game? Nay, panda-kun is quite simply a wolf who scumsclipped. Tis the only logical explanation for his actions, say I.Gikkle,237,I claim jesterGrones,238,Gikkle be a fine tarrrrget t'send overrrrboarrrd methinks10000 Jelly Doughnuts,239,why the hell are you doing weeb shakespeare speak?Grones,240,This be the second Shakespeare rrrrreference on this ship! A coincidence?Azmimel,241,It was the first thing I noticed when I read up this morning, so that's why I asked a question about it. Red pandas being jester feels a little too easy for me. Why was he being so obviously scummy?? That's why I suggested an alternate theory: a post modifier. But it's just that, a theory.


I don't know what it tells us because I don't know that much yet. I was just curious as to why some people were acting like they had one. Could be important in the future though.Azmimel,242,pandas rating one of my posts funny feels like a punch to the gut tbhGikkle,243,the alignment is in the title right
tbh I missed that completely and just thought "village #" was something to just describe me, not my alignment. My actual role pm doesn't have my alignment so I didn't know I was town until I asked for my win con an hour later lol.

So maybe pandas is telling the truth and since there is no title machine can change in the pms sent by panda he just had a role pm with no alignmentRed_Pandas,244,I may be dumb, but I'm not stupid
no I really haven't, machine told me my role in the pm
I think machine had given me a file already when I asked for a normal pm
yeah that's true
ew CJ saying uwu instant scum [VOTE] Cjbeats [/VOTE]
scum jest?
how does not having a file make it worse
and I got my alignment now im pretty sure it was just an error that I foundRed_Pandas,245,I reaaaaaally want to do funny talk somehow but I cant think of anythingHunterC98,246,hmmm....i say we give the man what he wants, what do you all say?
[vote] Gikkle [/vote]Red_Pandas,247,I find it really funny that I've managed to get myself almost consensus scum read by doing random RVS jokes

no, I am not going to stop.Azmimel,248,are you seriously going to write this off as RVS? fmlGikkle,249,consensus? By like 4 people?Gikkle,250,It's still RVS in my heartAzmimel,251,;-; I'm so confused right nowCjBeats,252,Who knows why any of us do anything in this accursed world?

let us look at thee panda-kun. An experienced member of this here mafia party. Are we to truly believe the man is a dumbfounded idiot? He is not! Panda-kun is an intellectual who scumslipped as his pms are different than our own! Tis the only logical explanation for senpai’s actions!Red_Pandas,253,yes, I will
tbh though the jokes did kinda suck
yeah pretty muchCjBeats,254,Let me enlighten thee. RVS means random voting sycle. You are welcome!Gikkle,255,Town members can't win after dying
Thus town and mafia will be equally scared of getting lynched
Anyone who acts like they are okay with being lynched is a liarCjBeats,256,Hunter me pal! What is thine experience with the game of mafia as we play now?Red_Pandas,257,Im pretty sure mine is the same as everyone else's but coolCjBeats,258,Did ye not ask the machine senpai for a role pm different then our own?


and yet, you my dear Gik claimed jester! Hmmmm suspicious!Red_Pandas,259,yeah I dont actually have a file
just checked
I had one for game A but then I moved to game C
so my alignment technically wasn't anywhere in my PM before machine added itAzmimel,260,I get what you're saying, but I also don't understand why he wouldn't have just questioned machine privately until he understood his role. Why does he benefit from announcing that he has no alignment in his role pm?? What does that do for him?? 


if it was a joke it was a terrible one. 


Oh, CJ, you are a saucy boy!Red_Pandas,261,yeah kind of?
it was just asking for my role in the pm instead of in the file
technicallyyyyy it wasn't a joke 
but I did announce it ironicallyCjBeats,262,Perhaps the machine senpai made an Oopsie woodsie? Could it be!? Is our senpai incompetent??CjBeats,263,There was once a saying back in the day of mine from whence I was born! Comedy is subjective! Terrible jokes are still jokes my dearest Azimel!Grones,264,This be a revealing day, we thrrrow Gikkle orr Skrrrim overboard! Hunterrr, Panda, and Cj arrrrre loyal to the cap'n, forrrr cerrtain!Red_Pandas,265,im afraid soCjBeats,266,And did the machine senpai give you your request in the different role pm?Grones,267,[vote] gikkle [/vote]CjBeats,268,Alas, perhaps we should lynch him instead! Oh what a great sacrifice we must make for our panda-Kun!!Grones,269,Cj ye best stop discussin rrrrrole PMs lest ye appearrr as a conspirator mutineerrrr t'me, thrrrowin the discussion overrrboardCjBeats,270,Enlighten me my dearest cap’n-kun, what is the problem with mistress Skrimiche on this day?Grones,271,[vote]cj[/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,272,I. I.

I'm intimidated. I won't lie.CjBeats,273,My curiosity shan’t be quenched, not even by my dearest cap’n-kun.Grones,274,She be talkin amiss, and I be seeing a vile connection betwixt herrr and th'GikkleRed_Pandas,275,can confirm
yeah I think machine Lynch would be a good idea
yesCjBeats,276,Oh to switch so fast in the heart of thee! What a glorious mind you possess!Azmimel,277,
hmmmm ok10000 Jelly Doughnuts,278,




Pi's reversal of his opinions is well within his normal town meta, I think. Therefore, I will say that Pi is a high TR of mine, and would rather not want him lynched.CjBeats,279,Then chalk it up to nothing more than a miscommunication! Non-alignment indicative say I!

[unvote][/unvote]
It is settled!


my dearest jelly! I am playing most seriously in my heart!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,280,This is 1000000000% cursed.Azmimel,281,I don't like how quickly you accepted that. Where did your certainty go?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,282,


HunterC98,283,uhhh....lets see..last time i played was...what? 5'ish years ago?HunterC98,284,appreciate the vote of confidence cap!Grones,285,Jelly be using jests t'avoid exposing herrrrself as a vile mutineer?Azmimel,286,this feels like the complete opposite of how she was last game, so I'm kinda ok with it,Grones,287,Arghhhhh10000 Jelly Doughnuts,288,Nah, I just wanted to make memes. That's all. I would say that I'd stop doing them, but that would be a lie, because they're funny. 

[Vote]Cj/Vote]

Something pings me about him, he feels wishywashy.

ANd yea, pi's that way too, but he's usually that way as town.Grones,289,Panda be town, no throwin o'erboard, cap'n's orderrs10000 Jelly Doughnuts,290,I disagree with him being town, but agree with not lynching. Hopefully we have a TK that can handle the jester.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,291,because I don't see scum pandas or town pandas being this way tbh.HunterC98,292,i feel too scrambled to make a fair assumption here.

cap'n seems busy being the spitting image of a proper town seafarer.

gikkle seems to be pure chaos.

cj seems awful authoritative, though that could be chalked up with trying to make up for missing some talk time.

jelly seems to be alright so far, a pinch quiet but i dunno how she plays to make a concern of that.

azmimel is either staying very quiet and stoking flames or just unavailable most often.Azmimel,293,Maybe if you explain the connection between Gikkle and Skrim I'd explain my read :3


He's either village idiot or neutral imoGrones,294,Let's brrring out the rum and play a game below decks! All ye scalleywag excuses for sailors, bellow out the scummiest, most treacherous words ye can


The cap'n'll begin

I be so disappointed I be a loyal one this voyage, I be hopin t'be a treacherous mutineer, but the gods declarrre me loyal to me post, th'CAP'NRed_Pandas,295,I feel like I probably would be dumb enough to make these jokes as bothAzmimel,296,the only reason why I could imagine anyone saying this is because they want to be lynched.Azmimel,297,trying to chat with my hydra partner :3MrEevee7,298,hes still lying about not checking the file, as he claims he doesnt have a file later on
so you knew your alignment, so why did you say you didnt?
scum != mafia, it just is evil roles. so jester would be scum as it makes town lose in the case that it is lynched
because you said you didnt read your file, but if you dont have it thats just an obvious lie that you didnt read it.HunterC98,299,aaah...yes that is a thing, my bad.Red_Pandas,300,eh
that doesn't mean I'm lying though, if I dont have a file then I didnt read it?
so it's still true
my alignment was never in the PM before I made the joke about it
after that machine added it
technically I didn't
I dont think jester is even in the game since everyones win-con is to stay alive and defeat the other faction iirc
but that means it's true??
also I did think I had a file
my memory is bad and its not something I thought was importantCjBeats,301,Twas explained away by the panda-kun! My certainty was replaced by uncertainty before being uprisen by a new kind of certainty!
Then ye are but a bab who I shall protect henceforth!


Is coming to an understanding wishy washy my dearest jelly? It is not!MrEevee7,302,no one says "i didnt read my book!!!" if they dont have a book. you were clearly trying to make an excuse for "not knowing your alignment"
ah yes, what a great reason to be town. "my memory is bad"

guys i claim scum!!!!
wait no my memory is bad im actually town!!!Grones,303,9 times out o'10, when ye landlubbers be assured and confident ye caught a scumslip rrrrelatin' t'role PMs, ye be sorrrely mistaken. This be a useless arrrrrgument made by lazy landlubberrrsRed_Pandas,304,as said previously, at the time I thought I had a file 
I never tried to make it an argument that I was was town but sure
I was literally just stating that I had mis-remembered it
also me claiming that I was mafia is the most obvious joke in history10000 Jelly Doughnuts,305,Rum? Rum?

Honestly: scum doesn't usually tend to say that they wished they rolled scum. It's a town move in my experience. Or at least I think so. Pi just keeps on being more townie somehow.
No one read the rules closely enough and it shows.
This is 100% cursed why am I in this game, I should suffer in the nexus instead why why why why whyRed_Pandas,306,im dumb be patient with meSkrimiche,307,pg 13 atm
[vote]CjBeats[/vote]HunterC98,308,okay, lemme be the first to come to the question, do we lynch off of all the nonsense in an attempt to knock out a bad guy or let time pass and use abilities to try and find stuff out?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,309,In most games, town tries to lynch everyday due to the information gained from the flip and the potential mafia member dead.

Here it may be less advisable because a lynch on someone is an automatic 'you lose' thing, so I feel like people are more hesitant this time.DAREALMoneyMan,310,I do not like that you are attempting to brush off his actions via of setup speculationGikkle,311,[VOTE]No-Lynch[/VOTE]
When's the last time we had a d1 no lynch? :3HunterC98,312,soooo keep yapping till someone slips?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,313,Based!
[Vote]No-Lynch[/Vote]
Yep, you got it. Eventually someone will vote dumb, pressures build and then scum slipping happens!CjBeats,314,Oh Gikkle-Chan, you wild man! Perhaps once I would’ve joined you on your quest to lynch not a soul, but alas, I have come to realize the benefit of lynching a person day 1. To not do so would be an inservice to the game!HunterC98,315,aye aye cap-errr...jelly.Vizier,316,You seem...Rather. 

Dead-set on lynching.CjBeats,317,And you aren’t my dearest Arra?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,318,I'm waiting for the time CJ says 'you saucy boy' unironically. 

I think I woke up in the twilight zoneSkrimiche,319,what if they just dont care about losing :3

im down
[vote]Skrimiche[/vote]

gikkle is quaking in his bootsVizier,320,Not particularly. I really wouldn't want more company.Grones,321,Arrrgh! Based! 
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Grones,322,Land ho!Grones,323,Argh! I meant @CjBeats10000 Jelly Doughnuts,324,CJ is a farming instrument?Grones,325,He'll be farmin votes 'ere the tide changes10000 Jelly Doughnuts,326,Also: weird thought: what if dead players were still in the game somehow.

Seems very weird that Machine would just ban dead chat and giving the rolelist.

Maybe there could be revivers. Idk, just seems odd to me.HunterC98,327,That could be interesting, but then the question is, what extent of knowledge would they come back with?Grones,328,The dead souls be sent away from Davy Jones locker because all 3 worlds be connected, methinks.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,329,The same bit of when they were dead, I think.
most assuredly there’s a connection.HunterC98,330,Which makes sense of the snippet of not revealing roles.HunterC98,331,guess playing it safe would be the smart thing to do..
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Grones,332,If ye were bettin yer life on it, which of these ruffians would ye wager is a mutineer?HunterC98,333,if i was to wager my doubloons against a soul, i would say one of the quieter ones...likely mito. just don't have enough to go off of to make a safe assumption.Grones,334,Aye! Mito be a treacherous cabin boy, but for other reasons.

Speakin of quiet ruffians, lurkin under the sea,
@DAREALMoneyManHunterC98,335,i wanted to ask about him but wasnt sure if i just didnt know his name he used.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,336,Explain?TheHorla,337,I don't 100% understand the pandas situation, but I learned the hard way last game that most of the time, "scumslips" related to PMs and formatting are usually just people getting confused.

Let me see if I read this right:
- pandas got his role in a PM, not a file
- the text of the PMs doesn't contain a wincon
- since you can't edit the title of a PM, machine forgot to tell pandas his alignment
- pandas noticed this, made a joke out of it
- people didn't realize that pandas wouldn't have known his alignment from his file title, since he got his role as a PM
Explaining away behaviour as a post modifier is bad logic and scummy. If we want to argue that player such and such is "obviously scummy" because of a "post modifier", we might as well hang up our towels and go home here.
Eevee is way too confident here for my liking.
Disappointed in gikkle for speaking sense here and not using this prime reaction fish opportunity.Azmimel,338,yea, but I also don't like the fact that he's trying to write it off as an RVS joke. I wouldn't lynch him either way, but I certainly don't think he's towny.
Not attempting to brush his actions off. I'm trying to figure out on earth he would inform us (apparently as a joke) that he had no alignment in his role pm. It was just a theory . I personally don't see scum or town doing that in any situation.Azmimel,339,I think they are, specifically because of this quote from the rules for game C
Grones,340,Mito be a snake charmer, a silverrrr-tongued succubus


Across the 7 seas, I've always known this landlubber to be a rotten soul from the malbolge. He be a seducer, a liar, a flatterer, a two faced duplicitous freshwater politician!

His treacherous mutiny sails on
He be a sower of deceit, he sets our ship along the wrong course, subtly like the Majesty's snake charmer he be.Grones,341,What be the cabin boy's agenda?Skrimiche,342,[VOTE]MrEevee7[/VOTE]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,343,Mmm, I disagree, but there's probably no reason to be setup speculating
Okay other than being a dnd monster, what did Mito do?
Why?HunterC98,344,i shall kick back and watch this show unfold til i have anything interesting or thoughtful to add.Azmimel,345,oh sorry i should've been more specific on which part. I think dead players will still have an impact on the game. I have no clue about revivers.TheHorla,346,Am... I the cabin boy? Or eevee?Azmimel,347,this is the second time you've voted a person pi has put under some sort of pressure with no explanation.Grones,348,Review th'rest o'me post, illiterate wenchTheHorla,349,Where did pi pressure eevee?Grones,350,Eevee, that dogMitochondria,351,I agree with Mark's take on the Panda situation. Don't fully understand what their confusion was and honestly don't care enough about this discussion line to spend the brainpower figuring it out, but odds are more likely they got confused and communicated their confusion poorly rather than them being scum that we caught right away.

I'm also mindmelding with Mark on his Eevee take (shows up, tunnels Panda, then dips; I especially didn't like the post he made asking Panda to "prove he's not neutral evil," it's a weirdly specific thing to ask for), but I'm super uncomfy with Skrim's naked vote on him and the underlying feeling that thread consensus is quickly shifting against Eevee. Quick shifts in thread consensus generally indicate that the target's town.

I'm not sure if I dislike this post because a) I'm annoyed that we're already starting our discussion about how Mito not living in the thread = scum (in which case this post is NAI and I'm just being emotional) or b) it's scummy that I get specifically called out despite the majority of the game having done nothing thus far.

Pi's read on me is bad and he should feel bad, but I like his play so far.

Pi and Mark feel town, sans the post I called out above I've been liking Hunter, Skrim's kinda weirding me out so light scumread, I guess scumread on Eevee too but I don't think Skrim/Eevee is a scum pair.Grones,352,And where be th'first time?TheHorla,353,@Azmimel are either of you ABBA fans? (Based on your signature, just wondering)10000 Jelly Doughnuts,354,ah okay yea.
I did, you threw out spicy insults and then refused to elaborate more lolGrones,355,I'll hang ye from th'highest mast with yer own innardsMitochondria,356,I'll sink ye ship before I hangAzmimel,357,oops I mixed up you and grones. But the point should still stand. She's voted people that others have put under pressure with no explanation. 
Don't know about azmine, but I sure am.Grones,358,He be seekin a pocketed sailor, and he be veering us off course, distracting us like a Siren's cry!TheHorla,359,An hour ago I impulsively scumread him for it, but:
- good chance eevee is confused as well
- scumhunting is good, considering that it'd be easy for scum to sit back and chill right now
- I agree with mito that a shifting consensus that eevee is scum is in general indicative that eevee is town (particularly considering that he's often considered an easy lynch)Grones,360,


HunterC98,361,fair, i may not have said it well, the second half of the message was supposed to be me saying i am not fully capable to make a firm guess because i don't have anything to compare it against.CjBeats,362,You are doing amazing my dearest sweet huntie-Chan.

Let us move forward on our conversation from the mister panda-kun! It shan’t get us anywhere doddling on about it! When does this here fine day end?Grones,363,@CjBeatsHunterC98,364,Day 1 ends tomorrow at....7:45 PM i believe?Mitochondria,365,If Pi or Hunter flips scum, I think it's decently likely the other flips scum as well. They've been pretty buddy-buddy all game (meta is fairly useless, but as a point of comparison from playing scum with Pi before, I remember he's not big on bussing teammates) and I'm still weirded out by Hunter shading me without committing to a Mito scumread stance and then backpedalling a bit when I responded (builds support for Pi's read without him really sticking his neck out there).

@CjBeats-kun uwu, what do you think of things so far?CjBeats,366,Such a long day, oh me oh my! Thank you dearest cap’n-Chan. I shall love you long time.Grones,367,One of these cabin boys will walk the plank, ere the day is done! E'eryone else aboard this ship be safe!Grones,368,Yer a bold oneMitochondria,369,Being controversial is fun Grones,370,LiberrrrralsCjBeats,371,I think things are just downright fascinating in this here game! A glorious tale of whodunnit taking place upon our doorstep!
I know not the reasoning on why people are scumming the Eevee-weevee, so I could use an explanation, but beyond that there confusion I do so believe the cap’n-Chan is a good lad. Huntie-wuntie-kun is newish, so I shall protect him for now. I do so believe that talking about panda-kun as we have done so much is becoming nothing more than a waste of time. That moment has passed. I would like to hear more from my dearest arra! A delightful, beautiful, man!Grones,372,Aye?Mitochondria,373,Very wholesome post but oh so very safe! Gimme something spicy, what's your hottest take about the game right now?CjBeats,374,My dearest jelly is a sneaky, sniveling, conniving devil bent on seeing this dearest world of ours burn to the ground upon which we stand!Mitochondria,375,Now we're cooking, how come?HunterC98,376,i was asked who i thought could be scummy and answered off of what i had...which still aint much...Mitochondria,377,That's fair - and to be clear, I've generally liked your posts thus far - but the point still stands. Wishywashy reads are never a good look because they're commonly used by scum to set up mislynches and erode the town's trust in other townies without the scum player needing to commit to the read or lead the lynch (both of which look bad when the target flips town).10000 Jelly Doughnuts,378,[JOKEVOTE]JELLY[JOKEVOTE]

oh god, everyone's doing weeb shakespeare and pirate speak. Get me outta here


---
I can see a wolf eevee, but I'm hesistant because he's LHF and I feel like I could be misdirected.

It's very weird cash hasn't spoken at all, but I don't think that's AI.

CJ feels... off for some reason, maybe the restriction is throwing me off, but it feels like some serious misdirection in his posts.CjBeats,379,Despite being how one may say active, she is too concerned with how people say things instead of they say! No notable contributions have come forth from her blessed heart, and I find that odd for someone of her stature and expertise!CjBeats,380,Right as I say such words she comes with the spice, oh my! Misdirection in what way my dear friend?HunterC98,381,alrighty, ill be sure to keep that in mind.Grones,382,Indra moment 


(Argh)Grones,383,Cj vs Jelly be a fool's errand, akin t'searching for the fountain o'youthCjBeats,384,Then consider me a fool, cause this one errand that I just must run! My curious heart shan’t be quenched until I do!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,385,Let me go through your posts real quick and find what sort of bothered me. It's very possible it's not your fault and I'm in shock from the PR.CjBeats,386,I shall await patiently with pounding enthusiasm for your return!MrEevee7,387,idk about anyone else but it says right in my file what my alignment is, not just the title of it. so machine shouldve still told him his alignment regardless of whether or not it was in a normal pm. i assumed this meant he was neutral as normally neutral just comes with the roll and no statement of alignment
and then he started talking about his file, which seemed scummy to me as he shouldnt have one based on his request, and he also said he didnt read his file, which would be a pointless post to make if he had read his pm where his role should have been, so id assumed it was again, a lie.Azmimel,388,First post I could find related to his interactions with Pandas.





Eevee remembered that Pandas asked for his role in a PM instead of a file, and then fixates on Pandas saying he did not open his file where his role was because that shouldn't have been a possibility for Pandas. 

I feel like it's way too easy to scum read Eevee based on just his interactions with Pandas (which are the only significant ones he's had), especially since Pandas was creating confusion, which is not a townie thing to do.

Right now it's low-hanging fruit, and I'd like to see more from Eevee before I actually consider him to be a lynch target.

@MrEevee7 whatcha feeling right now?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,389,The hard part is that I do have issues with telling jokes and such over text. The post modifier is making it really difficult to tell if you're sincere or just playing it up. I try to keep it in mind, but you do seem to be trying to pocket people.
And then you make the argument that there was a scum slip despite not knowing anything about the format of the roles, especially because I can't really find an example PM anywhere that would justify the reason. Pandas was weird, but this is a confusing game.

Although saying you've never read your PM (pandas) is scummy, so that's agreeable
With Hunter
Hunter again, and then you were enlightened, but it reads to me like you thought this was a dead end thing.
Pi.

And well, you seem to have an odd relationship with Mito too, the 'spiciest takes' feels very forced to me.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,390,Spicy take: Neither Eevee nor Pandas should be in the lynch pool today.Azmimel,391,I'm okay with a no-lynch, but I want Skrim to explain why she voted CJ and Eevee.Grones,392,


Red_Pandas,393,setup spec good, this argument is not valid
that's pretty much right
I can get thinking pi has one but me being a bit confusing definitely =/= post mod
if anything its very normal for me to be confusing10000 Jelly Doughnuts,394,You know, when it feels like everyone's trying to pocket you, no one is. But there are like three people who did click agree on a lot of my posts recently.

EDIT: removed 'let me check' idk why I put that there.Azmimel,395,yeah, I got a little overeager thinking about post modifiers. 
I thought you didn't like CJ? Where are you on that?TheHorla,396,Why are you bringing up a no lynch so early?Azmimel,397,because three people have voted for a no-lynch so farAzmimel,398,just checked vote count, it's actually fourTheHorla,399,It just feels super weird to preface that question with that statementAzmimel,400,I mean if skrim doesn't explain her votes well then I won't be ok with a no-lynch.Vizier,401,
I swear I heard someone roll in their grave with that joke. Absolutely sickening.HunterC98,402,Sorry, that was me.Grones,403,
Grones,404,@TheHorla a used car for your thoughts?CjBeats,405,Me and mito-Chan’s relationship is one of resounding love, but that does not mean I would like to pocket. Alas, I know not the heart of Mito-Chan, so I cannot say anything about him! As for the other laddies you mentioned, I simple wish to protect huntie-wuntie on this first day as he has not played in many a moon. And is it wrong to love my cap’n-Chan for telling me when day ends? I think not! But that is the only reason I said such things, so i find it a stretch if you think that’s me trying to pocket the dear lad.

And one does know the format of a role pm, or at the very least one should! After all, we all received one from the machine senpai!TheHorla,406,Null on everyone except gikkle (light town for speaking up for panda) and lean scum on skrimiche for voting eevee.HunterC98,407,to be fair, a lot of what eevee has to say is either voting or straight calling folks out, not that i agree against him but it is something to keep aware of.Skrimiche,408,
i have my reasons, and if i dont make them public then that is also for a reason. :s

i dont think he is?

gimme a bit

scary ;-;Grones,409,Eevee be a mighty sailor, no LHF 
He be no mutineer, ne'erthelessGrones,410,Who ye be wagering be the mutineer, then?DAREALMoneyMan,411,Alas I am binging Ted lasso, I will probably be done with the season by the end of the day so I’ll do things then (TM)Skrimiche,412,also i voted cj because he had stinky energy but i dont feel like pushing him rnRed_Pandas,413,relatableAzmimel,414,Other head popping in! It's cause (you're his scum buddy) : )Skrimiche,415,prove it busterTheHorla,416,Maybe skrim and azmimel?TheHorla,417,To expand on this a bit: azmimel made some really poor attacks on panda (the whole pm speculation bit was bad, thinking that he had a post modifier that made him always lie was scummy, reading him as jester was scummy, not considering that he may have been a bit confused (and that he was telling the truth that he didn't know his alignment at the beginning) was scummy.)

Skrim naked voted eevee after I attacked them is scum-indicative, and mel immediately criticizing them (and afterwards weakly pressuring skrim) feels a bit more like scum distancing than actual scumhunting.Azmimel,418,Pandas came out and said that he did not have an alignment in his role pm, and then later claimed mafia. He did not claim that he was joking until later. That was confusing to me. I saw absolutely no reasoning for town or scum to have made that move, so I assumed he was a neutral who wanted to die. I don’t think that’s scummy.

I never speculated above role pms. In fact, I was very against it. I did speculate a bit about post modifiers, and yeah, I’ll admit I fixated on it a bit too much, but I was trying to figure out why on earth he would’ve decided to share all of this information with us instead of dming machine and figuring it out, which is what I would’ve done, and post modifiers were on my mind because of the earlier discussion. Was it a poor decision to setup speculate so early on? Probably. Is it alignment indicative? Probably not.

I don’t know why you think my argument against skrim has been weak. I haven’t voted her, that’s true, but I didn’t want to vote anyone until I discussed it with my partner.

this is the only post I made about role pms.MrEevee7,419,Idk tbh but i feel like some of the ppl on my wagon are scummy
Why? That's just straight up an anti town line of thought.Skrimiche,420,anti town? like an anti hero? sickSkrimiche,421,+ no it isnt

machine if by some miracle youre reading this i hate you for the no edit ruleRed_Pandas,422,I can see that, kind ofRed_Pandas,423,its been in mafia games like foreverSkrimiche,424,

Spoiler: cj stink pg 13









Skrimiche,425,yeah but normally i can edit in my afterthoughts when i post
now i have to double post and it's annoying for people trying to catch up TheHorla,426,There's a whole bunch to unpack here:
- if someone claims mafia, it's obviously a joke
- jokes are a thing, and don't necessarily imply that someone wants to die.
- I think it's scummy to read into his behaviour this much
- Making assumptions about the veracity of panda's claim that machine forgot to state his alignment is inherently PM speculation
- Re: why panda shared the info: when I read his posts, I found it funny that machine forgot to give him his alignment; that you didn't consider (or pretended to not consider) that he shared it because mod errors are funny is scummy.
- I didn't say that the post modifier speculation was scummy because it's setup speculation (but good point there, I guess that's one more reason to scumread you!). Your comment was scummy because trying to explain player behaviour by post-speculation ("they are lying/acting off because of mod instructions") is not a townie line of reasoning.
- Your argument against skrim is so far weak because I find it unpursuasive.Rorschach,427,*unpersuasiveGrones,428,Jokes aint always jokes arghhhSkrimiche,429,FIGHT ME YOU COWARDRorschach,430,Sure.
Skrim has been modkilled.

I win.

Skrim has been reinstated into the game.MrEevee7,431,How is it notTheHorla,432,What are you saying here?Azmimel,433,





1) From my point of view, we were out of RVS/the banter stage. Pandas said he thought it would be exciting if people voted him. That implies he wants to die.
2) He didn’t clear up that it was a joke until 30-45 minutes after, and during that time he was a major topic of discussion. The majority of players on at the time believed him to be a jester. He didn’t clear it up immediately even though he was online, which I found weird.
3) You’re telling me it’s suspicious to analyze a player I found scummy at the time? 


My argument was not about PM speculation because I was questioning why he shared the information with us. I was confused because I would’ve asked machine instead of sharing it with the rest of the players in the game. Because of this, I thought it might be a ploy to make himself seem suspicious and therefore get voted.





Proof that I never once speculated about what was actually in his PM, just that I wondered why he actually did it.


Once again, I didn’t understand why Pandas was sharing the information with us. So I tried to figure out why. Two things came into my mind. Jester, which was a common answer among the online players, and a post modifier. I thought of a post modifier because of what I’d been thinking about before with you, grones, skrim, and Gikkle.


My argument against Skrim is her votes with absolutely nothing to back them up. I made that point before you did, you just dedicated an entire post to it. Do you not find your own argument persuasive enough?Skrimiche,434,im sure youve had times where you didnt want to spell things out for a greater purposeGrones,435,Nothin 
Yar har harGrones,436,[vote] cash [/vote]Gikkle,437,I'm 2% closer to ending the world
better kill me before thenTheHorla,438,Not yet, actually! It's pretty weak right now. My argument is that you're making the same (weak) argument as I am, but to distance yourself from her.
*shrugs* Regardless of how you define the end of RVS, I did not take their posts seriously. I think you are taking some posts that were not meant to be taken seriously far too seriously, and tied yourself up in knots trying to explain them via post modifiers.
I think the majority of players that were on at the time were wrong about that. 
Yes, depending on what you're analyzing? See the comment above about taking things seriously.
Just trying to understand something here. Did you think he was telling the truth that machine forgot to give his alignment, or not?
I understand that! The facts here are clear. But I think your conclusion was wrong, and I find it suspicious that you came to the conclusion that it was a post modifier.MrEevee7,439,sure, but seeing as it is impossible to have mech info atm, i dont see how it could be that.
and not explaining reads, unless youre just being lazy, doesnt help town at all and makes you look like you dont have any actual reasons for them10000 Jelly Doughnuts,440,Except speculating on pms is useless especially for Req because he does make changes and edits to the template all the time.

Heck, he didn't even put a period in my pm, is that scum indicative?

Also Skrim, give your reasons, let's not play this gameSkrimiche,441,booooo

touché

Cj - I quoted the posts that pinged me earlier while I was reading up. I didn't feel like pushing him (I confess to being lazy!), and I switched off to Eevee soon after because that's a vote I have reasons for doing aside from gut.

Eevee - First, I thought Pandas scumslipped about his alignment not being in his pm. This was because i asked Machine earlier if the "village" in the title of my google doc was my alignment (because it wasnt in the contents of the doc), and he confirmed it. But then I thought about it some more, and realized it was more likely that it was just a goof & not an actual scumslip. Eevee pointing out the contradiction with Panda's PM (being on the hypixel forums and not a google doc) seemed townie to me, but his subsequent hounding of Panda afterwards didn't. You can argue that the attempt at gamesolving is townie, but to me, it looked more like scum going after low-hanging fruit.

anyways im dipping to pet some cats and my dog grandson, ciao o/Skrimiche,442,also the reason why i didnt elaborate on the eevee vote was because i wanted to see how he'd react to it & whether or not he'd continue to push pandasAzmimel,443,Are you trying to trick me into actual pm speculating? Either way, it doesn't change my argument. I found him suspicious because he volunteered the information, not because he claimed machine forgot to give him his alignment.

Oh, so you're not as confident as you seem. 
you're right, it probably wasn't meant to be taken seriously. However, that's how I took it at the time, and since I want to defend myself I am attempting to explain my thought process. 
My conclusion wasn’t that he had a post modifier, my conclusion was that something else was going on here. Post modifier was just an example of something else that could’ve been going on. 
HunterC98,444,where was this mindset back when i horsed around with bold talk and ended up getting myself lynched on just talking around?Grones,445,We be halfway to nightfall, best we line up some choice ruffians to walk the plank! 

I wanna see 
Mito
SkrimGrones,446,Gikkle 


Send them all to the plank!Vizier,447,What flavor stinky? Skunk, onion, rotten food?CjBeats,448,
What happened to me oh cap’n my cap’n? doth thou not know your own heart? What a spicy lad you are oh cap’n-Chan to change up so quickly! 

Mistress Skrimiche-kun, I saw thine post about my stinkiness, but alas I do not understand what pinged you about those? Will you enlighten my darling heart?

And to my dearest jelly, I have seen your point! Oh what a wonderful mind you possess!CjBeats,449,MY LOVELY ARRA OH TO SEE THINE FACE FILLS MY HEART WITH SUCH JOY!!

Tell me, my dearest Arra, doth thou have any thoughts?Scythe,450,"Shall I compare thee to a summer day?"
"You're both hot."Vizier,451,
Nothing really rattles around in this dead head of mine, but I figure I can dig something up to support an idea I have.CjBeats,452,Oh superb! I shall await your return with bated breath!Vizier,453,There's. Not a cupid/lovers role in this setup. Right?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,454,Days I wish I had a vig shotVizier,455,



Edit: Posted meme twice.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,456,You are exceptionally wishy-washy.

[Vote]CJ[/Vote]CjBeats,457,You no longer need one, for this comment is already a knife to the heart! Oh what a cruel, black, wicked, twisted, nasty heart you must possess to say such rudeness to one such as me!CjBeats,458,A man merely knows when to change his mind when faced with arguments that make sense! My mind is not fixed, it is open to one’s voices!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,459,Mmmmmhmmm
You're really wishy washy, not changing your mind with good arguments. It's more that anytime anyone puts any push back on your opinions, you drop back. You've done it like 4 times.Vizier,460,

TheHorla,461,I explicitly stated earlier that my scumread of skrim was pretty weak, so my "confidence" is really just a strawman.
No, you're getting paranoid. You assumed that pandas posting "I don't have an alignment" makes him scummy or a jester - what logically follows is that you assumed he was lying about not having an alignment. If you thought he was telling the truth, his statement is obviously NAI, since he made it before he had an alignment!TheHorla,462,There is literally figuratively nothing to use to form a mito read right now.TheHorla,463,Final thought: Grones is funny as heck, but most of his posts substantively add up to "I want to lynch mito and skrim" or "Thoughts?"Grones,464,A used car for your thots?Grones,465,Lies and deception, mutiny! He be a conspirator, I quoted the ruffian.Mitochondria,466,Pi, do you have an argument against me which doesn’t boil down to “oh he TRs me which means he’s scum trying to pocket me”? I’d hope yes if I’m one of your top lynch targets today Red_Pandas,467,I ran out of reactions, expect no communication from me for exactly 24 hoursMitochondria,468,Maybe this post? Idk, I guess I’m biased but I genuinely fail to see how any of this is scummy. First quote was RVS, second was genuine curiosity and trying to spark discussion, third was my read at the time and an attempt to get some non-RVS discussion going. Fourth is setup spec and thus bad, but ehRed_Pandas,469,the rule hasn't changed at all
probably..
we don't know for sureRed_Pandas,470,yeah tbh no ai in thereGrones,471,Yarrr! I be quoting yer crimes! Ye set us off-course with yer insinuation that post mods be alignment indicative/one o'them be scum! Subtle, but powerful derailing! Typical mutineering!MrEevee7,472,Why mito?
This does seem like a bit of an overreaction thoughRed_Pandas,473,trying to find out why you're scum read is not overreactingGrones,474,Arghh! I be explainin meself o'er and o'er!Grones,475,Jelly be sailing under our radar, methinks.Grones,476,[vote] Gikkle [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,477,
"Slipping under radar"
votes gikkle.

also smh at not reading any of my arguments with CJRed_Pandas,478,I really don't get the thread title tbhGrones,479,With respect, ye olde cap'n closes his eyes and scrolls past e'ery word Cj posts10000 Jelly Doughnuts,480,Oh okay, understandable why you missed it and scum read me. Have a nice day.Grones,481,SR ye? Ne'er said that! Don't ye be puttin words in me mouth like some kind o' freshwater tv show hostMrEevee7,482,No, it's not. But he could have awaited groness response instead of writing an essay. I just found it a bit odd is all.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,483,But you do so...Grones,484,Should I? 


Arghhh!Grones,485,But that were me reasoning! He be askin for me reasoning, and found it! This be a weird position to take, Eevee. I'll have ye swabbing decks for a week for this!Skrimiche,486,good news: the cats like me
bad news: im allergic to catsSkrimiche,487,onions are divine you take that back

sure, gimme a min

ahaha yeah ive never done that as town myself ahahaha
ahaha
aha10000 Jelly Doughnuts,488,Yes. Go on!MrEevee7,489,Well since he clearly wasn't satisfied with the reasoning id expect him to not say anything about it then attack you if thats all you said it was in case there were more reasoningGrones,490,So ye admit to being a scalleywag?!Grones,491,Why would he say nothing? Is he a mute? A dumb landlubber? No, he be a tricksy siren, speech be his gift.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,492,Yes

(I shouldn't have to do the joke here but I will)MrEevee7,493,So that he makes sure he doesn't attack you needlessly..? It's what i would do at leastGrones,494,Why would he be wary o'attacking me "needlessly"? He be scared o' me?Grones,495,This be no laughing matter!Skrimiche,496,On second thought, I agree with Cj on this? Whoops. Not sure why I thought it felt wrong. Might've been the "subjective" bit triggering a primal response in me.

The only thing he questioned from that list (Azmimel scumreading me/Gikkle + townreading Hunter/Panda/Cj) was the scumread on me, which is strange. I'm not sure why he would pick to exclusively focus on me there.

(Context: Grones offers me & Gikkle as lynch candidates, then votes Gikkle, then 2 posts after voting Gikkle tells Cj to stop discussing role PMs because it's derailing the thread*, then 2 posts after that votes Cj.
*@Grones did I get that right? Just wanna make sure I'm understanding the pirate lingo. :3)

I was going to say: "Cj shouldn't be calling out others for being wishy-washy when he's been doing it himself", but when I looked back at the actual posts I had in mind from him, I actually think the progression might be natural? He basically went through the same "Panda scumslipped" --> "Panda/Machine just goofed up" thought process as me, although he stayed at Stage #1 of that longer than I did.


Spoiler: Cj posts












@Gikkle what do you make of this^? My confidence is shattered and my night is ruined. :<Skrimiche,497,@ the cj debacle: im gonna sleep on it
and by sleep on it i mean im gonna forget about it until i remember that im playing in this game tomorrow and check the thread
o/Grones,498,Man, I have no idea, I, myself, lose half the meaning while typing up these posts

ARrghh I mean, ye be right on the trrrrreasure lass!HunterC98,499,isee that we have made a lovely circle of conversation....right where we started 'n such...10000 Jelly Doughnuts,500,You missed how he said I was scummy and then I gave a single response and he decided that was okay.

Hmmm. I don’t have an opinion on mark right now and that concerns me.Red_Pandas,501,very relatableTheHorla,502,I don't actually believe this, fyiTheHorla,503,Day 1 Votecount:
(2) nolynch: Gikkle, HunterC98
(2) cjbeats: 10000 Jelly Doughnuts, Red_Pandas
(2) gikkle: Azmimel, Grones
(1) mreevee7: Skrimiche
(1) chucklenuts: DAREALMoneyMan
(1) mitochondria: Mitochondria
(1) thehorla: Vizier
(3) Not voting: TheHorla, MrEevee7, CjBeats

You can view this votecount and all previous votecounts in the #votecounts channel in Discord.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,504,You can not believe it. I am saying this because as of this moment, it's true.

I'll go through your posts and see what I think after that.MrEevee7,505,[vote] gikkle [/vote]
@GikkleGrones,506,Argh! Well I don't be believing yer disbelief!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,507,

Spoiler: Mark's posts






PREGAME ^
---






























I think these are all of mark's post, did it by hand though so possible I missed one. Going to do a little step by step and assign arbitrary points to each post. These points add up to a fake final score that is entirely real and will determine my read.

Which will come in the next post so I can actually click on the quotes and read them as I'm drafting my response.
---

EDIT: hopefully fixed spoilers
EDIT 2: hopefully fixed spoilers?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,508,The first quarter of the day was rather weak until Mark enters in with his Pandas post, providing evidence to a joke gone awry. Nothing about the post is outstanding towny or scummy wise, although at the time it may have looked as a controversial opinion because of how everyone seemed to be whipped up into a frenzy about Pandas 'scum slip'
+1 Town Points

Asks about Pi pressuring eevee, which is incredibly NAI.

Goes back on his eevee read and admits it's impulsive, agreeing with mito. This I think marks the real end of the Eevee Pandas debate, although people would later also enforce their opinions on it.+1 Town points for admitting fault.

Dislikes a no-lynch, especially honing in on Azimel when at the time there were 4 people actually on the no-lynch train, asking none of them! I'm hesitant to call it tunneling, because it's not quite as aggressive as that, but in a couple posts down still thinks scum team could consist of Azimel, focusing on several things like Azimel considering Pandas to be jester. However, in the thread there were a fair amount of people considering jester as an option, why did Mark latch onto Azimel's posts about that and call it scummy? I feel as if there is some minor tunneling or busing here. +1 Scum points.

(Although looking at skrim's posts, they are rather weak in general, not providing reasoning until after someone calls her out on it bugs me as disinterested at the least and scummy at the most. Either way, NOT GOOD)

Mark continues to attack Azimel for things that other people did as well. +1 scum points. (Half the game was PM/setup speculating. Off the top of my head, Skrim and I did.)

Azimel sets up strawman; the argument continues. I'm now more leaning towards T/S or even T/T. I doubt S/S would use such terrible pushes to bus, and both Azimel and Mark would be fairly coordinated and careful on a bus if this were the case.

Final post is IIoA, heistant to assign scum or town intent to it, but I would argue that seems fairly out of character for him.

Final Score: 2 town points, 2 scum. An Azimel flip would be extremely helpful for resolving Mark; I think. If Az flips scum, Mark's a god-tier townie, because I don't see bussing in this scenario. If Az flips town, I'd hit mark with an investigative or a lynch.

Anyway, my thoughts on Mark. Minor ones on other people that have slipped under my radar.

---
Vizier (Arra): The vibes he gives off seem like someone rusty at mafia, not new. He has played in a couple minis here, but not ones that would justify his knowledge and apparent paranoia about lovers/cupid. I am extremely hesitant to say 'coaching' because that A: make me look like a jerk, and B: has bitten me on the butt of course. It's possible he researched and gained knowledge, and I think that my initial paranoia of 'COACHING?!!?!1!' is unfounded. Slight TR.

Hunter: TR. I have no idea how much Hunter has played before, but I'll assume he's new. He seems townie overwhelmed with learning the game. I think scum would provide more guidance in scum chat if he had rolled wolf. Of course, if Hunter does flip wolf, I think we can assume that wolves are inactive. 

Pi: Pi's town. I just feel it. Gut reasoning is of course bad, but he's acting like he does as town. 

Eevee: I think Eevee is a slight town lean for me, his confusion earlier with Pandas feels genuine. Also I don't think scum eevee naked votes like town does.HunterC98,509,If its anything worth mentioning, I was also aware of a Lovers style of role by Youtube....so that is a full possibilities.Gikkle,510,I'm not sure why you're tagging me specifically when I haven't really interacted with Cj but whatever

Also not sure if you are asking what I think of what you're saying about him or Cj in general

Your analysis is weird
One of your posts is like, why not just ask him why he picked the SR on you out of the others to question. Why make this statement without first asking Cj? Unless you did and I missed it...

I'm not too sure what the point of this analysis is if your conclusion is just "he might be town". Did you have some kind of big SR on him or something and this was supposed to be what made you turn around on that? I don't quite understand why you'd do an analysis on someone and just come up with "his progression MIGHT be natural", unless you strongly SRed them, but I don't see a reason why you would this early. 

Is this supposed to be some kind of test? I genuinely don't understand why you would make this post and not come up with a better conclusion than this.

My opinion on Cj? Idk, I haven't bothered trying to read him. Only people I've formed reads on are Mark(TR), Mito(LTR), Pandas(TR), and Eevee(LSR). Maybe someone else I've forgotten about, idk.Gikkle,511,How come you can't delete post drafts anymore :/Skrimiche,512,i did? p sure i only did it for like 2 posts before realizing it was a dead end

what other info would an azmimel flip give?

because i love you

i
...
hey @CjBeats why did you pick out the SR on me out of the others to question

i thought i had a (lightish?) scumread on him but then i lost confidence in it when i went to look at the posts that pinged me

gosh gikkle dont make me spell it out
it's 'cause im baaad ( ༎ຶ ۝ ༎ຶ )Red_Pandas,513,feeling good, might make 1 singular readGikkle,514,w.shoot Skrimiche
Mmm
Alright
What's your current read on Cj now then? Null? Light TR?
Sorry Red_Pandas,515,what do this meanGikkle,516,Information instead of analysisRed_Pandas,517,well I managed to read an entire ISO without forming any opinions at all
10000 Jelly Doughnuts,518,Information on Pandas. If Azimel flips scum, I'd say its safe to assume Pandas isn't scum.
That happens sometimes :/Skrimiche,519,if 1 is town and 10 is scum, then he's at about a 6Grones,520,Who ye ruffians be lynching?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,521,I'd be fine with a CJ or Azimel lynch for reasons stated somewhere in the thread.

Or you for the memes.HunterC98,522,about 6 hours till the notalynch happens, if someone is intent on going in the gallows, time is a running out..Gikkle,523,I think I'm top wagon rn
idek whyTheHorla,524,Why does gikkle have votes lolHunterC98,525,Oh? Welp, guess the gallows will be claiming a soul.....less folks wise up.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,526,Agreed, looks like some of them are for no reason lolRed_Pandas,527,[unvote][/unvote]TheHorla,528,Really don't understand the case against gikkle (literally none of his posts have registered with me.) Reading back, but until then [vote]No lynch[/vote]HunterC98,529,all i have on Gikkle so far is some very brazen remarks that honestly read as trying to bluff about an assigned role, and as much as i actually wanna vote for him..it just doesnt seem worth lynching in my eyes..Skrimiche,530,not me? ;O

also what
people are voting gikkle?HunterC98,531,A handful are, but right now looks like No lynch is winning.Grones,532,Yarrr! no lynching be a funny!

[vote] no lynch [/vote]TheHorla,533,You going to explain why you were originally on the gikkle wagon and are now switching off?TheHorla,534,Day 1 Votecount:
(4) nolynch: Gikkle, Grones, TheHorla, HunterC98
(1) cjbeats: 10000 Jelly Doughnuts
(2) gikkle: Azmimel, MrEevee7
(1) mreevee7: Skrimiche
(1) chucklenuts: DAREALMoneyMan
(1) mitochondria: Mitochondria
(1) thehorla: Vizier
(2) Not voting: Red_Pandas, CjBeats
The next votecount will be processed in 0.5 hours. You can view this votecount and all previous votecounts in the #votecounts channel in Discord.Grones,535,Methinks he be conspirators along the vile Skrimiche. Their RVS be more rotton than a landlubber's body left at sea.Grones,536,I be opposed to sendin ol' sailor Azimel down ye plankGrones,537,Both o' these 'ere sailors be experienced voyagers. They be from Port Chucklefish. 

Methinks yer Arra read be mighty suspiciousitious, on me grandmother's warts! Ye say ye be disregardin yer paranoia and yer seasickness, an' then ye reckon 'im a loyal sailor. If ye aint factorin in no coaching, none o'that, then what have ye to base yer read o'him? Ye mention but nothin else!TheHorla,538,Expand on this please?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,539,Why?
Yea but if someone starts playing mafia again after a break, it takes them a bit to get in the groove of things.
Also arra’s posted like 15 times, most of them being memes, calm a bit down in asking for a surefire read. I saw one post that was weird and then discounted it when I was being unreasonable.MrEevee7,540,[unvote] [/unvote]MrEevee7,541,Why are we no lynching..?Grones,542,Then why ye be readin 'im as a loyal sailor, instead o' null?Grones,543,erybody be voting Skrimiche off the plank early, an' Gikkle be mighty strange when he be doing it.


These posts be soundin' the bells o' enemy fire, methinks.

Voyagin on, he be letting out mysterious words

An' with no explanation o'er th'horizon

He be a dangerous pirate, methinksAzmimel,544,Reading up right now. One of us should be on for EoD.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,545,I said slight town read. Like so slight it nearly doesn’t matter.Grones,546,Hmmmmmm
Arrrrrrr ye suuurrrre 'bout that? Ye clearrrrly considered it important enough t'include in yer listAzmimel,547,[unvote][/unvote]

I didn't vote at all yesterday, so I'm almost certain that the Gikkle vote is from RVS.



I logged on a couple of minutes after he posted claiming mafia. I think the above is my first post of the day.I guessed this was a ploy by him to get voted, and that sharing the information about his PM was another way to make himself suspicious. It didn't matter to my argument that was he said was the truth or not, what mattered is that he decided to share it with us.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,548,I literally said above it: people who have been slipping under my radar. Smh illiterate pirate.Grones,549,Hmrrrrrr
Arghhhh
I be keepin me good eye on ye, tricksy sea dogRorschach,550,Guys remember to submit your flavors for game B, EOD is coming up and so is the deadline for that. Please submit it in your game B folder excel if possible, that automates things and makes the turnaround a lot quicker.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,551,Oh. Yea I should do that.DAREALMoneyMan,552,Just read and up and things. Not going to bother to give reads on people I didn't pay attention to. Even though I have done it in the past, I am disappointed people aren't following up on stuff they think is scummy just because jester is possible in this game. You guys are better than me!

Azmimel thingy



Spoiler: Full ISO




























































Spoiler: Notable Posts




Reported for bad takes. You are trying to rationalize his scummy behavior via "oh maybe post modifier!" 
I'd like to mention that I didn't find what Panda said about his pm not including his faction was scummy! If it was true, I feel like the other scum mates would notice, given the team follows the typical 1:4 ratio, they were missing someone. Back on topic, if you say he was being so scummy (even if obvious), why are you attempting to find an excuse for him (oh, he is probably Jester, or has a post modifier). Just because it is possible in the game does not mean you value it over dayplay. ALSO, a post modifier making you act scummy is stupid and I don't see Machine adding it. You could then chalk off all scummy behaviors to the modifier.
Because it was a joke? He was making light of the situtation?
Take note for later (referring to Panda).
It is always RVS for Panda (but I agree we shouldn't pass things off just because they say "oH it was RVS!"). You say here that you don't think he is towny, and referring to above post you said he was either village idiot or neutral. Thus, you think he is neutral in your own words. If you really thought he was neutral, why aren't you trying to see what type of neutral he is or voting him!
Town points here.

I have done this along with many other people in many other games. It is an obvious joke I:
NAI!! I don't think admitting that you made a boo boo is alignment indicative.
Refer to the post above x2
Well I don't think he really needed to say it was a joke considering it was obvious.
Too lazy to see what you are responding to here :/
Already said why this is stupid!



[vote]Azmimel[/vote]

I am also suspicious of Cj and Panda but I have other things to do. Like Bike. And Eat. And SleepDAREALMoneyMan,553,Also Mark you should give me the ISO bot!TheHorla,554,I am too tired to keep arguing here but this is another strawman. I am saying that if panda did not know his alignment, then him posting "I don't have an alignment" is obviously NAI. If you think he is lying for some reason, that is a different argument (and closer to the one you made.) When reading pandas, it matters what you thought his PM read; that is why I said you were speculating about his PM.Rorschach,555,Ryast has the ISO bot, not Mark.TheHorla,556,Ryast posted a link in #announcementsSkrimiche,557,why me owo
your post elaborating on this only had gikkle quotes

do you think azmimel & pandas are on the same scumteam or different scum alignmentsGrones,558,Gikkle be voting ye, then he be opposed t'me voting ye. It be worrying, like an ill tide.MrEevee7,559,Is there a reason were no lynching..?HunterC98,560,cause most everyone who was willing to lynch has either no voted or unvoted.Grones,561,Nightfall be in 10 minutesGrones,562,Arrrr! I be wrrrrrong! 50 minutes!Red_Pandas,563,[vote] no-lynch [/vote]
why notGrones,564,[vote] panda [/vote] 
I be a wacky pirateSkrimiche,565,bruh you made me panicHunterC98,566,I made myself panic..i thought i missed it.Skrimiche,567,[vote]no-lynch[/vote]Mitochondria,568,Refuse to vote for a D1 no lynch on principle so uh

[vote] Skrim [/vote]Mitochondria,569,Actually nah, I think Skrim's fine

[vote] Gikkle [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,570,Why Gikkle?Gikkle,571,i'm a good boi
I just like human flesh, nothing wrong with thatMitochondria,572,Bad gut feel, didn't do much of anything today, no other targets I feel strongly about right now.Mitochondria,573,Actually that's a lie, my pet theory is that Pi's scum but y'all ain't ready for that discussion yetDAREALMoneyMan,574,SameDAREALMoneyMan,575,Wait- why are we no lynching? Meh.Grones,576,I'lla turn'a you into'a pasta lasagna mama miaHunterC98,577,captain....who is this italian dude?TheHorla,578,Oh I'm ready for that discussion!


Re: today's lynch, fine with no lynch since the gikkle wagon is really weak and I'm not confident in anyone else (even azmimel) to eliminate.Rorschach,579,Esther is wheeled into the large room by a rather tall butler fellow, his tailcoats hovering so as not to touch the floor, and he carefully unfolds a little table and places it in the center of the room.

"You really chose not to lynch anyone?" Esther says distastefully, her eyes narrowing, eyelids you never knew were there stretching to do so. "You are all fools. You have one minute to kill someone. Or else." She says, as the butler places a large shotgun on the table. 

The first player to reply to this post with [SHOOT] @Player [/SHOOT] will take the gun and kill the player they tag.Grones,580,Who arrrrrre ye an' what ye done to th'real MarkTheHorla,581,Ever since gikkle and I got stats on our D1 lynch record, I've come around pretty hard in favour of D1 no-lynching when we have zero clue what to do. We used to NL all the time (and had a decent track record back then) - we should revive the practice!Grones,582,ARGHHH NOBODY TAKE TH'GUNGrones,583,IF ANY O' YE USE TH'GUN I BE HUNTIN' FOR YE TILL THE END O' ME DAYSRorschach,584,"Well? I'm waiting. If you do not do it, I will kill three of you where you stand." Esther says tersely.Gikkle,585,[SHOOT]@Rorschach[/SHOOT]TheHorla,586,Yeah, anyone who uses this gun without discussion gets lynched today.Grones,587,AAAAAAAAAADAREALMoneyMan,588,Can we kill Azmel Grones,589,AAAAAAAAAARRRDAREALMoneyMan,590,WE NEED TO CHOOSE SOMEONE OR 3 MORE DIE - I DON'T WANT TO DIEETheHorla,591,Everyone, relax. 

If machine wants us to lynch someone, then we'll do it. Do not shoot.Gikkle,592,kinda wanna shoot skrim... Not for any good reason, I've just always wanted to do it in a proper mafia game instead of a wolfia game...DAREALMoneyMan,593,but what if I shot scum :>Rorschach,594,There is no Rorschach in the game.Grones,595,How about I shoot ye, ye scalleywagGikkle,596,what happens if I shoot myselfDAREALMoneyMan,597,guys there is 1 minute until eod so we dont have time to change the wagon from no lynchGrones,598,RIP 3 people arrrrrghDAREALMoneyMan,599,I rather that then 3 random people dyingGikkle,600,[SHOOT]@Gikkle[/SHOOT]

LETS GOOORorschach,601,You lose the game if you shoot yourself.

EOD was 15 minute ago. Welcome to twilight.Grones,602,NOOOOOOOO ARGHHHGikkle,603,Great!Rorschach,604,Action not submitted properly.Grones,605,[shoot]@Mitochondria[/shoot]
GIKKLE WHY ARGHHHDAREALMoneyMan,606,WHY10000 Jelly Doughnuts,607,oh shoot, no pun intended.Gikkle,608,[SHOOT] @Gikkle [/SHOOT]DAREALMoneyMan,609,watch as mito is scum though lmaoGrones,610,I BE SO CONFUSED HELP MEEEEEGrones,611,NO 
ARGHHH STOP WHYYYYGikkle,612,You didn't do it correctly either, you fool!

SEE Y'ALL IN THE AFTERLIFE

IT'S BETTER THAN SLOWLY WALKING FOR ETERNITY TOWARDS MY ROOMDAREALMoneyMan,613,why has my post count in twilight been triple than that of dayGrones,614,[SHOOT] @Mitochondria [/SHOOT]

Arghhh! TAKE MINE NOT GIKKLE I BE THE CAP'NTheHorla,615,...Grones,616,MITO BE SCUM YARR HARR HARRGrones,617,Arghhh I be blamin' Gikkle 
He be an agent o' chaos, a bombardier10000 Jelly Doughnuts,618,What the heck was that?1Grones,619,GIKKLE BE TOWN IF HE BE SHOOTIN' 'IMSELF 

I BE SAVIN A LOYAL SAILOR ABOARD THIS VESSEL10000 Jelly Doughnuts,620,I meant with mito, but honestly thanks for the explanation for town gikkle too?TheHorla,621,gikkle is town right lol

like

there's no wayRorschach,622,
Gikkle and Grones rush for the gun, however, Grones is just a bit faster, pulling the gun out and aiming it at @Mitochondria.

The gun explodes in his face, and @Grones topples to the ground.






"That's better." Esther says. "Perhaps this will teach the rest of you to be more decisive." She says, gesturing as the butler wheels her out of the room, picking up the gun from the corpse of Grones as they pass.

Day 1 has ended.Gikkle,623,I have a thick shell skull, I can take it!Grones,624,If Gikkle be shootin' 'imself, he be violatin' the CODE! He be breakin 'is wincon, so the 'eavens be strikin 'im down in MODKILL

but he be shootin' 'imself

a negative times a negative be a positive YARRRRR 

HE LIVES!
@Rorschach LET 'IM LIVEGikkle,625,c'mon man!TheHorla,626,jfcGrones,627,????
GIKKLE BE FIRST YARRRRAzmimel,628,EXCUSE ME 

wtfGrones,629,@Rorschach Gikkle actually shot and formatted correctly before me, though.Gikkle,630,I am canonically the slowest person in this game. I will probably not make it to my room until September/October.DAREALMoneyMan,631,no role flip?Gikkle,632,^ this

I shot myself fair and square! Let it happen!Grones,633,day is over no more discussion!!!!Rorschach,634,Night has started. No further game discussion is allowed. I did not make any errors.Rorschach,635,Forgot to add the song to the Start of Night Post.
Updated.Grones,636,@Rorschach title btwRorschach,637,As you all begin to enter the main dining area for breakfast, you recognize an old, surprisingly not dead face. @Grones was fortunate, and the gunshot blast was not fatal. On the other hand... @MrEevee7 will not be joining you. Not only are both of his left legs missing, but he is in fact, dead. The poor centaur.

The stench of death is strong. There's a raven sitting on the tables. Dead. A nametag on it indicates that its name was "Clive."
A note from Esther sits with it. "Don't disappoint me today. Or I will make sure you are disappointed in yourselves."



Spoiler: MrEevee7 Flip



Virgil the Centaur, the Village Lie Detecting Oracular Vigilante



I hope you enjoy your breakfast as the sun rises...

Day will end at 4:30 PM EST on Sunday, August 8th, with a Twilight of 1.5 hours.Skrimiche,638,uh ohhhhRed_Pandas,639,that seems that it would be powerfulGikkle,640,I've totally forgotten basically everything that happened in this game

Who did we suspect again? Mito?Azmine,641,Pi, did anything happen while you were "dead"Azmimel,642,you’re on the wrong accountAzmimel,643,Wow that's crazyHunterC98,644,Oh captain my captain, are you still alive?TheHorla,645,How does Oracular work?Red_Pandas,646,by miracle, probably caused by him being coolRorschach,647,Ask question, receive answer.TheHorla,648,Was the scope of the questions limited in any way?Rorschach,649,
HunterC98,650,Answer it NOBALLSGikkle,651,Isoing myself to jog my memory as to what has happened


Spoiler: my posts












































Gikkle,652,Mark/Pandas/Grones I guess are my TRs for today? Idk I'm going with my past self

I also apparently TRed Mito but idk whyGikkle,653,ISOing Eevee for nk analysis purposes


Spoiler: Eevee ISO






























Gikkle,654,Eevee's main contribution was pushing Pandas
Some shade thrown on Mito at some point too but nothing significantGikkle,655,[VOTE]Pandas[/VOTE]

carrying on my boy eevee's legacy!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,656,The pandas argument isn't really strong at all. I wouldn't think mafia would go and try to frame Pandas by killing eevee when the read was mediocre.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,657,I'm honestly confused about the NK in general. Eevee is usually lynchbait, not a NK. What is mafia doing?Gikkle,658,Doesn't your second sentence support the pandas argument
They aren't gonna be trying to frame him, so the only real reason to kill Eevee is to silence him if pandas is scumGikkle,659,In what game was eevee killed n1 because mafia was purposefully doing weird kills
Can anyone remind meMitochondria,660,I'm gonna be honest, I forgot everything that was happening in this game

Big wtf to Pi for trying to kill me when I wasn't on at the very end of the last day phase, not a fan of that play at all. Personal feelings about getting merc'd aside, it was super impulsive and, imo, big scum energy to make a move like that.Grones,661,I lived *****Grones,662,Yarrr ye be scumGrones,663,No yarrrrrGrones,664,It was be to save Gikkle and 3 townies yarrrr

Ye be scumAzmimel,665,Any thoughts beyond thatGrones,666,The mutineers be cowards n killed a sailor who ne'er voted a soul. We be hardp'essed t'read this 'ere kill.Grones,667,He be scum
I be a soulreadin cap'nTheHorla,668,I am backAzmimel,669,I mean you soulread jelly last game so I'm almost inclined to believe you.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,670,Ah. Yea. Whoops. Sorry. Yea. That's what I mean.Rorschach,671,Hi back, I'm dad.Red_Pandas,672,Ngl I would probably be the mafia member that would be the most sacrifice-able
I don't think mafia would want to keep ,me alone so much they kill eevee just for having a slight scum read on me
if I had a powerful role maybe
but I dont think that would be the entire reason the kill happenedAzmimel,673,This post reeks of town idkGrones,674,Mafia most likely be lookin at votes
Eevee be a no-voter
they be killin 'imTheHorla,675,Sorry just quoting this post as a test10000 Jelly Doughnuts,676,What do you mean?Azmimel,677,Why would they want to kill a novoter?Grones,678,Mafia be wishin' t'lay low. They be murderin' sailors who 'ave no strong reads. Eevee ended day on no vote, yarrr!Grones,679,This be no hypothetical. Look'er at the vote counts, ye scalleywag. Eevee be never votin.Azmimel,680,Yes, but what's your pointCjBeats,681,Did not most of the lads and ladies within this establishment either not vote or vote for a no-lynch? I do not think voting is the right way to look at this.Grones,682,-_-
Ye be intentionally obtuse, yarrrrAzmimel,683,Probably, it's kinda lateGrones,684,The laws o' this ship, the Game C, be dictatin' that any sailor that be killed, be a loser. If ye wish to win this 'ere voyage, ye live. The wincons be different, and we be no-lynchin'.Red_Pandas,685,why?Red_Pandas,686,I didn't post yesterday when I first read stuff but Gikkle's vote on me purely off of continuing Eevee's legacy
it just doesn't seem like something a town would actually doRed_Pandas,687,I like azmimels posts tbhRed_Pandas,688,It feels like Eevee was pretty controversial yesterday and slightly scum read so I'm confused on why scum decided to kill EeveeRed_Pandas,689,sorry for the quintuple post O_O

I kiiiind of don't like Skrim's posts, but not enough to feel like it deserves a scumread
I think I need some others thoughts for this read
what do y'all think of Skrim?Grones,690,Ye be right, we be sendin her off the plank10000 Jelly Doughnuts,691,What’s up with Skrim?Grones,692,/shrug
YarrCjBeats,693,/shrug?Red_Pandas,694,I was thinking something a bit more specific but I guess that worksGrones,695,I be messin' with Pandas
He may be a mutineer, methinks 
"Skrimiche should die maybe? Thoughts?" 
Be the mutineer words.Red_Pandas,696,that is an extreme misinterpretation of my words, captain.Grones,697,A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P 
a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p 


yarr!Grones,698,YarrrRed_Pandas,699,yeah but then that makes it confusing to quoteGikkle,700,who da heck tripped over me last nightGikkle,701,@Red_Pandas what are your reads?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,702,Was that you lol?CjBeats,703,What doth thou mean trip?Skrimiche,704,you forgot why you scumread me, didnt youGikkle,705,was it you, Jelly?!! Very rude!CjBeats,706,Pwease Gikkle wikkle, expwain to wittle ole me.Gikkle,707,someone tripped over me CjBeats,708,I do not understand.Gikkle,709,you don't need to.CjBeats,710,HmmGrones,711,Yarrrr, I be questionin' the importance o' this voyage 

I propose a nolynch again! Yarrr!
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Gikkle,712,can't believe mafia chose eevee to lose first
they must hate eevee personally, since he wasn't even that big of a voice
wow mafia, so rude10000 Jelly Doughnuts,713,Look, I didn't mean to.Gikkle,714,I also got a pillow last night, thanks to whoever gave that to me. much comfy.Red_Pandas,715,any apparent consequences or effects?
Almost no reads tbh, but so far Pi TR and Azmimel slight tr
Pi we have to get flip info at SOME point
Agreed
any effects?Azmimel,716,Not a single sr?Red_Pandas,717,Nope, not one!Red_Pandas,718,Money has barely posted and the only post he seemed to put effort into is just weak arguments against already weak-ish points
it's not like bad-bad so I'm not sure if it is enough to make me feel like a possible S!Money or not
but it is thereRed_Pandas,719,this isn't responding to Azmimel's question, this is cause I JUST looked at Money's postsGikkle,720,who we killinTheHorla,721,[vote]Grones[/vote]

Still very loopy right now, but my reasoning right now is something like this:
- voting no lynch on D1 is an actually sound idea, but voting no lynch on D2 is bad
- him picking up the gun and shooting mito was actually really scummy
- gonna say that still being alive after being blown up is kinda scummy, despite his (feigned?) surprise todayTheHorla,722,The flip side of this argument, though, is that shooting another player is a better play than shooting yourself. Obviously what gikkle did was super townie, but he had a 100% chance of killing town; from town-pi's perspective, he had a 1/4 chance of hitting scum, which is better odds than gikkle's play.

The other tinfoil theory is that gikkle is scum, knew the thing was harmless, and shot himself for town points, but that strikes me as super unlikely.

Still overall, decent scumread on grones for now; I'll keep my vote here for now.Red_Pandas,723,I have no ideaRed_Pandas,724,The forced killing at EoD had almost no hints beforehand possibly revealing it, Mafia would almost never know whether it was real/fake unless Esther (or whoever the person was, I think thats who) is working with the mafia.
I feel like Gikkle self-shot would be extremely risky of a play from scum so that makes me feel like it was a town move.
I would have to check back but if Pi had an SR on Mito it can make sense from a town PoV
however from what I remember, and saw from reading back for reads, Mito wasn't his strongest SR at least from appearance, as compared to people like Skrim and Gikkle (iirc)

Decent point though overall, I didn't do much speculating on pi's shots so this could be a very possible thing
This also makes sense
also I keep forgetting that pi got blown up by itharass,725,never knew a new mafia game was going on
/backupTheHorla,726,I mean, I don't want to speculate too much since there's just a chance the thing was harmless for anyone. But it's a big ??? why he's still here

I also have some thoughts about his actual reads but I really need sleep, I'll post them asap tomorrow; hopefully we can get decent discussion in the last 12ish hours or so and get a decent lynchTheHorla,727,Oh yeah I forgot lol

Grones is voting no lynch even after what happened yesterday

Machine sent a clear message that no lynches -> bad, and grones is basically going "yeah let's touch that hot poker again yarrrr"Grones,728,I be forgivin Mark's votes o' me since he be dyin' and recoverin', from his landlubber vaccine.Grones,729,Also, Mito be scum.CjBeats,730,Then why not vote him instead of a no lynch?Red_Pandas,731,[VOTE] Grones [/VOTE] igGrones,732,Pandas and Mito be scum, methinks

Panda be a timid scum, he be saying this





He never be taking strong stances aboard his vessel. He be test th'waters, lookin' through a glass t'see if fellow mutineers be with 'im. 

Mito/Panda/Someone else 
Mutineerers! 

[vote] Panda [/vote]Red_Pandas,733,I never have strong stances on anything in mafia
this isnt a new thingGrones,734,Maybe so, but ye be testin' th'water to mislynch POOR SKRIMICHE YARRRRRRed_Pandas,735,"I kiiiind of don't like Skrim's posts, but not enough to feel like it deserves a scumread"
as in
"I don't have a Skrim SR because their posts aren't quite bad enough"
also don't you have a Skrim SR?Grones,736,No, I be spurrin ye on t'see what ye do
I be naked votin Skrimiche, and ye went "ok cool". That be tellin' me ye perfectly good with her bein' thrown o'erboard. If ye didn't SR her, why ye be sayin:
Hmmm? 
Yerrrrrr a scum one! Mr Grinch!Red_Pandas,737,I was trying to say "maybe elaborate on why"
worded in a passive-aggressive kind of wayGikkle,738,Why are y'all voting Grones10000 Jelly Doughnuts,739,Money's busy rn.

Pandas reads are a bit sheepish imo, I could see a scum pandas. Placeholder vote, so I don’t get punished if I didn’t vote.

Sorry, busy today. Might be on before EOD but I don’t see it. 

[Vote]Pandas[/Vote]TheHorla,740,I actually agree on the pandas read but why is Mito scum lolGrones,741,Gut and this post
YarrrrTheHorla,742,I'm a bit more sane now fyi

It's kinda suspicious that jelly is parroting pi's vote JUST as I vote grones, which I did not expect

So I see sorta two possible scum teams: pandas/azmine or jelly/piTheHorla,743,That post is fine? I would scumread you if you shot me. And Mito has barely done anything so no idea how you can have a gut read on them in any direction.Grones,744,One death wasn't enough for these mutineer traitors yarrrGrones,745,T H E G U T 

Y A R RRed_Pandas,746,Mark made some posts about it
who am I sheeping with my votes though?
that post is fine?
gut is not enough hereRed_Pandas,747,with my reads*Red_Pandas,748,im pretty sure all my reads are original except the Pi read which ofc is because of markTheHorla,749,Yeah pandas is wheeling votes iirc, he's just being super underconfidentGikkle,750,Oh wait people only lose the game when they are lynched? Not when nked I guess according to the wording of the ruleTheHorla,751,Should read "isn't sheeping"Gikkle,752,Spring has sprung?Azmimel,753,S-Skrim is scum?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,754,Okay on lunch (not lynch, phone) break. Let me explain my pandas read, because I didn’t even see pi’s post really in depth.

Pandas feels noncommittal in any of his reads, which isn’t AI in itself, but then he asks about Cash. Cash, who is out of the game entirely rn, has been immune to lynches and what not afaik, and tries to get suspicion on him. That’s something pretty hard to miss, and I feel like pandas is trying to make a distraction somehow. Therefore scum.

Pi’s scummy too imo, but I have that weird feeling he could be jester and hope someone would be kind enough to kill him.Azmimel,755,oh we’re doing this again, are we?Azmimel,756,From machine on the discord

"
@Player i am making the executive decision to extend day 24 hours due to some housekeeping issues I need to deal with potentially preventing me from having internet during day end.

Day will now end at 4:45 on Monday, with a twilight of 1.5 hours. 

Game B will start 15 minutes after twilight ends in games A&C.
"Mitochondria,757,[vote] Pi [/vote]

Barring a dramatic new development, my vote's probably not moving. Mark kinda stole my thunder, but here are the main reason's Pi's probably scum:
-Again, the gun play was terrible. I'm biased, yeah, but I've never been in a situation where someone's been killed right at EoD when they can't defend themselves by town. Huge town points for Gikkle for his response; Gikkle, if you're scum then congrats, you pocketted me.

-Voting for someone immediately after Mark called him out for no lynching is a bad look imo. I also think it's odd he went for Pandas instead of me (and the no lynch instead of me yesterday) considering half his posts are about he soulreads me as scum. Why is he shading me (and trying to daykill me lol) instead of getting a wagon going?

-As I said yesterday, Pi's D1 play was blegh. I can go back through the posts and find examples of all these things if anyone really wants, but I remember disliking how much he was/is controlling the thread and discussion (shooting down discussion topics he didn't like, e.g. some CJ/Jelly (?) argument from yesterday, trying to railroad my death at EoD yesterday, etc.). My pet theory is that the pirate modifier's faked so he can seem more entertaining (thus more townie) and get away with having leaps in logic by blaming misinterpretations of his post on the modifier.

Unrelated question but @Gikkle was your human flesh problem resolved last night?Grones,758,Machine be threatenin t'kill 3 people. Gikkle conftown. You? Probably scum. Yarrrr it be the best play aboard the vessel


Gettin' ye lynched be a fool's errand. easier t'get yer fellow mutineer.



Idk what this be meanin' so I be ignorin' it.

I be willin' t'hop off th'plank, but absolutely kill Mito and Panda after I flip Town yarrrr harrrGrones,759,This lynch o'me be very strrrrange. Scum motivated, obviously. Mito and Panda be needin' t'die, ye landlubbers'll see. Yarrrrrr

Last scum (if there) be unknown t'me.Grones,760,NoGrones,761,My role be verrrrrrry scummy so I be not claimin even if I be fixin' t'die. If I die, I die. I won't be winnin even if town be winnin' but I be biased, anywhoo, so do be sendin Mito and Panda off th'boat when I be gone.

Rid me o'this cursed post modifier
[vote] Panda [/vote]Red_Pandas,762,When did I ask about cash
the person I actually asked about was Skrim, Cash is just the one who I have the least of a read on out of the players I've looked at.
I actually have been forgetting that Cash is immune to stuff, but I don't even want to Lynch them so that shouldn't even matter right now
Don't use the extremely slim possibility of a jester to avoid a Lynch on them
If you could explain why he's more scummy then you that would be great
If you think there are 2 scum you know of it shouldn't matter much who you decide to kill
this doesn't make sense from town
What is this
Bad
ScummyRed_Pandas,763,Anyone else find it extremely weird that Gikkle is just now theorizing about this, instead of on day 1?

(also just noticed @Rorschach thread title is incorrect I think)Grones,764,I don't really wanna reply to this bc none of the things you said mean anything
I feel like youre purposefully misunderstanding my posts or just asking questions to appear like you're open to changing your mind, when you really just want a mislynch.

Anyways, imma dip for rest of day because I don't really understand what game C is even for? And with Mark and Mito trying to get me lynched, I'm probably dead anyways, which ofc means I lose the game and idc about town winning if I lose, cuz im a wacky selfish biatch. Anywhoo, kill Panda and Mito afterwards.

Yarrrr!Rorschach,765,When they die.Rorschach,766,Shhhhh nooooo its perfect definitely says Day 2Gikkle,767,The fact you find it weird is weird because I just went back to look at the rules and that's why I'm talking about it lolGikkle,768,I still have a craving for human flesh, but I wouldn't call it a problem.Skrimiche,769,grones town
won't be on for most of today (or this week in general tbh) but let it be known!Skrimiche,770,grones town bc he's not acting like he does as scum (from what i remember, anyways; dont rly use/pay attention to meta personally)Red_Pandas,771,You're dodging everything I said in the post, by saying I'm misunderstanding your posts. (If we're both misunderstanding each other this much that would be bad but I don't see exactly how I'm misunderstanding what you're saying.)
If you really think I'm misunderstanding your posts in a way that's harmful to the town right now, you should be correcting what you said or what I misunderstood about it. If I'm getting everything wrong I really would like to know that.
Also referring to me voting someone I SR as "wanting a mislynch" is very scummy to say imo
I can't even explain how bad this sounds
Hm, must be me then.
I just feel like half-way through D2 is a weird time to be looking back at the rules
This doesn't make sense to meTheHorla,772,Reading upRorschach,1,[No mods this is not a duplicate it makes sense if you play the game. I'm sorry that my initial setup looks like spam. We'll be using all three threads. They're not the same.]






The rain falls steadily, the castle rising up.

The carriage we follow in this wet muck sprays up mud every few yards or so, drenching any passerby more than they were before. The rickety shaft of the undercarriage creaks and groans, before the vehicle eventually comes to a stop, the horses pulling it whinnying in annoyance.

Yet another dark carriage in the line tonight, outside the front gate. Some of their inhabitants were invited and came readily...others...not so much.
Thrown in like sacks of potatoes. Today the thunder does not rush across the landscape. For this is a sad day. This is a day someone dies.

This is Mafia.

Please read the following information carefully. Many rules are not the same, and the setup is atypical from what you are familiar with. Do not sign up until you have read how to sign up.



Spoiler: What is Mafia?



Mafia is all about lies and charisma, or at least synthesized charisma. The game typically follows a cycle of discussion whereupon a player is voted out of the game, followed by a cycle where silence reigns, and players may submit their actions which could include such types of things as protection, killing, or investigation.

The game is normally composed of 2 main factions, an uninformed majority, traditionally referred to as "town" or "village," and an informed minority known as "mafia" or "wolves." The wolves' goal is to equal or outnumber the townies, while the town's goal is to eliminate all wolves.

Sometimes there are additional alignments, such as additional mafia factions, or third party roles which can win with any side, or with nobody else.






Spoiler: The General Rules



These rules do not follow a priority system. They are considered sacred, and will not take precedence over one another. These rules may be pre-empted by more game-specific rules, but unless you are explicitly told otherwise either in an official DM by me, or by a specific rule governing a thread posted by me, these rules are hard and fast.

Obey all rules associated with the forum.
Do not discuss the game outside of this thread or host-approved DMs.
Play towards you or your alignments win condition.
Do not post anything in the thread after you die. Memes are fine, as long as they are not game related in any way.
Do not post game related stuff during the cycle at which actions are traditionally resolved. (This is normally referred to as a "night" phase.)
Do not post anything I send you in a DM in any way. This includes copy-pasting, screenshotting or capturing images in any other way. I will give you explicit permission if you are allowed to share something. Otherwise, assume you are not.
Paraphrasing things is fine.
You may not delete your posts, nor edit the post such that the content of the post's meaning is changed. This means only fix grammatical or spelling mistakes if you are editing your posts.
This game will be run across three threads. You will only need to keep track of 2, and only one of those two will have discussion at a time. (Traditionally referred to as a "day" phase.)
As a moderator, I am not bound to always tell the truth. I will avoid lying where possible, but to keep the integrity of the setup, it may necessitate explicitly lying about certain functionalities until they have been triggered.
Nights will be action phases, while days will be discussion phases.
Alignments in other threads are not indicative of alignments in this thread, and vice-versa.
I will not respond to in thread tags.
I will not answer questions in thread.
I will not read questions in thread.
I will respond to my oldest DMed question first. So if you spitfire, sorry it's just I gotta handle the load in one order or another.
You may not discuss a different game in a different thread. (No discussing Game A in Game B's thread.)
This includes Game A/C Combos. Even if you're not playing in both, you may not discuss the one you're not in in your host thread.

I could lie and say that flavor isn't alignment indicative, but that would be a lie. Flavor could be alignment indicative. Or role indicative. Or both.
Duplicates are possible. Even flavor duplicates.

Vote ties are not necessarily handled the same way cycle to cycle or game to game. If not specified at the start of a cycle, assume that it is whoever was at the higher number of votes the longest.
If Player A has 8 votes and Player B has 7 votes, then someone votes player B, player A is still lynched.
If instead someone unvotes player A, player A is still lynched.

No roles are banned from play. This includes OG Jester which kills everyone when it wins.
The bot is doing vote counts. (Thanks Mark.)
Due to the nature of the setup, hydras are discouraged but not outlawed.
THERE IS NOT DEAD CHAT. 
THERE IS NO SPECTATOR'S CHAT.
YOU DO NOT RECEIVE THE ROLE LIST UPON DEATH. 
YOU MAY NOT DISCUSS THE GAME UPON DEATH.




The following three spoilers will discuss specific rules that are different between the three concurrent games. Signing up for game A or game C will also sign you up for game B.


Spoiler: Rules: Game A



As with the previous rules section, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game A's thread specifically.

The capacity of players in this thread must be at a maximum, one less than the capacity of players in Game C. For preference, this game will have two less players than Game C. It runs most optimally with 9 or more players.
Being lynched in this game means you lose the game. Winners get to live to tell about it. Losers do not.
The game follows a traditional layout of Day Discussion and Night Actions. Cycles will last approximately 48 hours each (Night=48hrs, Day=48hrs), but will be updated at the start of each cycle to clarify as needed.
The order of operations for this game is hidden. As such, you will not receive it if asking.
The "town," or uninformed majority faction will be referred to as the mafia. The informed minority will be referred to under any of the following names: "werewolf," "sleeper agent," "wolf,"or "machine why is this so unnecessarily confusing"






Spoiler: Rules: Game B



As with the previous rules sections, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game B's thread specifically.

The capacity of players in this thread is at a minimum the summation of the number of players in Games A & C.
Atypical of traditional mafia games, the discussion phase will be referred to as "Night" while the action phase will be referred to as "Day." Cycles will last 48 hours each. (Day will be 48 hours, Night will be 48 hours)
This game will start on "Day 1," meaning it will start on an action phase.
No roles will be handed out for this game until the end of Day 1's cycle. Roles will be assigned as follows:
During Day 1, you will choose a player in the game, and a flavor for them. A role will be assigned based upon that flavor.
Flavors should be something you would borrow or rent from a library or archive. This could include any of the following types of items:
Books
Movies
Music
Journalism
Photography
Or others...

You may not choose yourself as the player to receive the flavor.
You may not coordinate to ensure that everyone receives a flavor. Some books are not yet written...
If a player receives multiple flavors, they may experience any of the following:
Be given the option to select one.
Automatically redirect the flavor onto someone else.
Receive all flavors as their flavor.








Spoiler: Rules: Game C



As with the previous rules sections, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game C's thread specifically.

The capacity of players for this thread is at a minimum, one more than those in Game A. It works best, however, with 11 or more players.
If you are lynched in this game, you are considered to have lost. Winners get to eat cake, and the dead do not eat...or do they?
The game follows a traditional layout of Day Discussion and Night Actions. Cycles will last approximately 48 hours each (Night=48hrs, Day=48hrs), but will be updated at the start of each cycle to clarify as needed.
The rules for this game are subject to update. At the start of each day or night, any updates will be shared in that start post.






Spoiler: Links to Games A, B, & C



Game A
Game B
Game C





Spoiler: Important Mod Posts



PreGame: Flavor Announcements
Day 1 Start
Day 1 End
Night 1 Start
Day 2 Start



Game C:


Spoiler: Living Players



@Gikkle
@10000 Jelly Doughnuts
@Azmimel
@Grones
@Skrimiche
@Red_Pandas
@DAREALMoneyMan
@Mitochondria
@TheHorla
@HunterC98
@CjBeats
@Vizier





Spoiler: Dead Players



@MrEevee7 (Night 1)





Spoiler: Backups



@Venusaur
@Illwei





Spoiler: Spectators



Thaum is the only person allowed to spectate.





Spoiler: Previous Games



Game I
Game II - Minecraft Edition
Game III - Minecraft Mobs
Game IV - Blitz Mafia
Game V - Food Mafia
Game VI - Music Mafia
Game VII - Super Smash Bros
Game VIII - Pokemon
Game IX - Terraria Edition
Game X - Mega Walls
Game XI - Video Game Music Mafia
Game XII - Yu-Gi-Oh
Game XIII - Time Travel Mafia
Game XIV - Night of the Living Goo’s
Game XV - The Library
Game XVI - Kits and Classes U-Pick
Game XVII - Star Wars
Game XVIII - Greater Idea Mafia
Game XIX - Comic Book Edition
Game XX - Chaos Rising
Game XXI - Final Fantasy: ExDeath’s Summon
Game XXII - Hypixel Mafia Players Mafia
Game XXIII - Night of the Living Goos: Part 2
Game XXIV - Pokemon Edition
Game XXVI - Murder in the Northlands
Game XXVII - Video Games
Game XXVIII - Desolate
Game XXIX - Amusement Park Mafia
Game XXX - Restaurant Mafia
Game XXXI - Night of the Living Goo’s Part 3
Game XXXII - Mark’s Hydra Hell
Game XXXIII - Alliance Mafia
Game XXXIV - Ancient Rome Mafia
Game XXXV - Space Mafia
Game XXXVI - Summer Vacation
Game XXXVII - Dawn of War (DnD)
Game XXV - Hypixel Mafia Players Mafia 2
Game XXXVIII - Applying to College
Mini-Mafia 3: Logical Fallacies Edition
Game XXXIX - Evolution Mafia
Game XL - Don’t Starve Mafia
Game XLI - Historical Figures U-Pick
Game XLII - The Suffering Game
Game XLIII - Minecraft Mafia
Mini-mafia 4: King Edition
Mini-mafia 5: Chess Edition
Mini-mafia 6: Meme Mafia 1
Game XLIV - Finale
Game XLV - Year Long Mafia
Mini-mafia 7: Ryast’s Mini
Mini-mafia 8: Jojo’s Bizarre Mafia
Mini-mafia 9: Persona 5
Mini-mafia 10: Kirby’s Mafia Adventure
Mini-mafia 11: Meme Mafia 2
Mini-mafia 12: Playing Cards
Mini-mafia 13: Profound Mafia
Game XLVI - DEFCON Mafia
Game XLVII - A Forgotten Temple
Game XLVIII - Halloween in January
Game XLIX - Mafia Hotel
Game L - A Test of Faith
Game LI - Evolution Mafia 2
Mini-mafia 14: Operating Room
Mini-mafia 15: Diffusion of Power
Mini-mafia 16: Simulation Mafia
Game LII: Conspiracy Mafia
Game LIII: The Legend of Zelda Mafia


TheHorla,2,What's Carpe Jugulum?Rorschach,3,Seize the throat.Azmine,4,HypeGrones,5,Game CDAREALMoneyMan,6,Why is Ryast in both games A and C Grones,7,Shouldn't this be Game C? Also, why is Ryast in both games A and C?Rorschach,8,Cause I'm not very good at hitting backspace a ton of times after copy/paste decides to put an extra space between every line.Rorschach,9,Rectified.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,10,Let's go!Rorschach,11,HOKIES!!!

BA DA DA DA DA DA DAAAAAAAAAAAAAA DUMMMMMMMHunterC98,12,Welp, the games are fixing to begin eh?TheHorla,13,Quick test here:

[vote]mark[/vote]DAREALMoneyMan,14,Quick, hammer mark pregame

[vote]mark[/vote]TheHorla,15,[vote]ryast89[/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,16,Pregame RVS?Skrimiche,17,eRorschach,18,




Esther surveys the room from her high backed chair, her gaunt frame unnerving. The room is littered with damp sacks, some of you climbing out of them. Some of you have been here for a while, chatting idly over tea. In the center of the room is a large cage, covered in a cloth, something rattling at it from the inside. 

"Welcome...to the game. Everyone. You have been briefed on the rules, and if not...well. They are publicly available to you." Esther says, pulling out a pen and holding it, pointing to a bulletin on the wall with the rules. "When you choose who to lynch for today, Chef says he's on vacation. So unfortunately we'll just have to drop them in there." She says, smiling thinly, pointing to the cage in the center of the room, where something growls from the inside. "Well...I shan't keep you...You must have so much to discuss..."

Day 1 starts Now. It ends at 7:45 pm, EST on August 3rd. Twilight will last until 9pm of the same day.Grones,19,Yarrr me hearties! Aweigh anchor and set sail for hammertown!Skrimiche,20,what is up gamersGikkle,21,10000 Jelly Doughnuts,22,[Vote]Skrim[/Vote]
!Gikkle,23,[VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE]Rorschach,24,@Gikkle
@10000 Jelly Doughnuts
@Azmimel
@Grones
@Skrimiche
@Red_PandasGikkle,25,Great minds think alike!Rorschach,26,@Red_Pandas
@DAREALMoneyMan
@Mitochondria
@TheHorla
@MrEevee7Rorschach,27,@HunterC98
@CjBeats
@VizierGrones,28,[vote] Skrim [/vote] make the wench walk the plank!Gikkle,29,Bandwagon moment
susVizier,30,[Vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts[/Vote]Grones,31,yar har har, ye landlubbers got no mind for naval strategy like ye ol' capt'nVizier,32,CAPTAIN!Skrimiche,33,im feeling like absolute buttcheeks so im not actually gonna play the game /sGrones,34,AYE ME HEARTYSkrimiche,35,not sure why a townie would post this even in RVS. seems like something only scum would do for townpointsVizier,36,LOOK!Grones,37,NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NOGikkle,38,Ah... I am so hungry... But food is so far away....Skrimiche,39,ehh, the game's barely started, doesnt really seem alignment-indicative to me. just a heehoo funnee attemptSkrimiche,40,just because it's RVS doesnt mean scum cant slip. i see zero reason for a town!skrim to have posted thatSkrimiche,41,like i said, it was probably just them trying to crack a joke.

+ other people have done similar things in the thread. why havent you been going after them?TheHorla,42,hey guys remember 3 votes is actually nearly halfway to hammer lolGrones,43,Alas me hearties, the lass "Skrimiche" is but a scurvy landlubber stranded at sea, lost her mind.Skrimiche,44,where? i havent seen anyone else try to deflect suspicion off of themselves with a flimsy AtE excuse. if im wrong then go quote themMrEevee7,45,[vote] mito [/vote]Gikkle,46,look at this person, talking to themselves. Insanity!

Though, I myself don't actually have any idea whats going on. Where am I?Skrimiche,47,this is just a waste of time. i shouldnt have to hunt them down for you

[VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE] stop being hypocritical with your readsGikkle,48,[VOTE]MrEevee7[/VOTE]Skrimiche,49,annnnd there's the chainsaw defense! found another scum. [VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE]MrEevee7,50,Omgus
[Vote] gikkle [/vote]TheHorla,51,Skrim you're making me giggle lolSkrimiche,52,but you voted mito?Grones,53,ye be at sea, but that be already beknownst to ye, ye conspirator. Ye and that lass Skrimiche be pirates flying the jolly rodger on open seas!

[Vote] Gikkle [/vote]Skrimiche,54,oh wait i see
disregard silly ol meMrEevee7,55,[vote] grones [/vote]TheHorla,56,What the **** is that pfpMrEevee7,57,Are you townHunterC98,58,crunchitize me capn.

Wait, hows the quote thingie work if the click quote doesnt quote?Vizier,59,Groan

Skrim is confusing me.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,60,THEY COME TO THIS PLACE WHEN THEY KNOW THEY AREN'T PURE!TheHorla,61,
Who are you guys?Rorschach,62,Hunter
ArraTheHorla,63,I repeat the question.HunterC98,64,wazuuuuuuupRorschach,65,From Chucklefish. They're in the discord.Grones,66,Ye click th'reply button, ye freshwater politicianVizier,67,Poyo!TheHorla,68,aaaahhhhhHunterC98,69,oooooooooh...well what does the quote thingie do?Skrimiche,70,no

sorry ;-;TheHorla,71,:Waves:HunterC98,72,skrim is an adorable bat, i see no problems.Grones,73,All yer quotes be stowed away below decks, ye press "insert quotes" to rouse those lazy landlubbers and bring em to yer postMitochondria,74,more like
amiright fellas???Vizier,75,Amgry Poyo.HunterC98,76,ahh, gotcha, thank you!Grones,77,[vote] mito [/vote] this mitochondria science wizardry be black magic, a terrible omen from the heavens, take him to the plank!Azmimel,78,Hi friendsMitochondria,79,oh captain my captain, if you wish for me to die, then die I shall

[vote] Mito [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,80,I would be very suspicious about the votes nearly getting a hammer this time, but I remember this game runs smaller than what we’re used to.HunterC98,81,yeah....i'll call that pun a lynchable offense...
[Vote] mito [vote]Azmimel,82,Quick hammer mito?Mitochondria,83,do it you won't10000 Jelly Doughnuts,84,For future reference, you got to have the slash at the start of the second vote.

just in case that helpsAzmimel,85,No, cause I appreciate that game C gets to say mito is hereHunterC98,86,Ahh....whoops.
[Vote] mito [/vote]

Edit: just to say i properly voted.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,87,Fair enough, but do you have any reasoning why you did that in the first place beyond random voting?HunterC98,88,nothing beyond a sinful punAzmimel,89,Scum team

Eevee
Mito
Panda
SkrimGrones,90,Throwing jests to the wolves, methinks Gikkle and Skrim be conspirators, plotting vile mutiny!

This be a landlubber's shot at pretending not to know the wench, typical freshwater lies. Gikkle may be a scurvy bastard, but he's the eye of the crow's nest for wizardry, no use pretendin to be a fool. Away with them! 

[vote] Gikkle [/vote]Grones,91,Skrim be a vile, lying lass, a stowaway here for vile mutiny!Gikkle,92,I have literally no idea what you're saying.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,93,Scum team:

Grones
Mark
Panda
YouAzmimel,94,Yeah id be okay with that10000 Jelly Doughnuts,95,That would be a stacked team.Grones,96,More lies! Yar har har! Ye be foolin us to think yer heads filled with saltwater!Azmimel,97,Exactly, I wouldn't mind. Except Mark would get lynched too earlyGikkle,98,I admit it, it was a lie. I don't have "no" idea, since I did have SOME idea. I apologize for this horrible offense, second mate. But your pirate speech is confusing, so I don't quite understand what you're trying to say...Azmimel,99,Lynch all liars!

[Vote] gikkle [/vote]Rorschach,100,Before someone asks again.

The town/village win condition is to:
1. Survive
2. Remove all threats to town.Vizier,101,Aye, this is a mutiny capn. Hand over all the bananas and gunpowder.

[Vote] Grones [/vote]HunterC98,102,i vote we test the captain for scurvy.DAREALMoneyMan,103,There is an impostor among us, and he is ourselves

[vote]chucklenuts[/vote]TheHorla,104,Oh, since we're all talking funny:

Heyday ho

pleasen no lynch mesa. Grones isa mafia, mesa thinkHunterC98,105,i wont lie...i was very tempted to change my vote over for the jarjar talk10000 Jelly Doughnuts,106,[Vote]Mark[/Vote]
Jar Jar speaking should be a policy lynch.Red_Pandas,107,


Azmimel,108,I personally am a fan or itVizier,109,Die, they must. 

[Vote]Mark[/Vote]Mitochondria,110,Why?Azmimel,111,I dont think he's randomly accused someone based on gut yet, that's a big tellGrones,112,YE WRETCHED BABOON! I'LL HAVE YE AS SHARK FEED ERE THE WIND CHANGES! 
[vote] Vizier [/vote]Grones,113,I be a lying, murdering, pillaging captain, but no mafia ever lay in me bunk with me. Me hands be clean.Mitochondria,114,Eh, maybe, but I think Pi's been fine so far. The only Pi-adjacent post that I haven't liked thus far is this one from Gikkle:

And I really can't explain why. Something about the post's tone (too serious? too dismissive? idk) just rubbed me the wrong way when I was skimming through.Grones,115,Gut? Gut?! I'll gut ye like a fish, ye scallywag.HunterC98,116,fair thinking, but is that a tell?Mitochondria,117,The Gikkle post? Obviously it's too early to really tell but I think it could be, weirdly defensive or dismissive responses to anything that could be perceived as an attack definitely isn't uncommon scum behavior.Red_Pandas,118,ikr I am so goodRed_Pandas,119,I think pi's pirate talk is funny and therefore Pi is hard town
I will not listen to any opposing argumentGrones,120,That post by that wretched mutineer Gikkle mayhaps be the fruit of his heavens-imposed speech impediment. He be playing the part of a confused, sun-dazed landlubber, away at sea, and far from his lass, for far too long. Aye, I remember when I was but a wee lad aboard the HMS Bictory, just a wee deck swabber I was, a cabin boy. Sick to the guts!Red_Pandas,121,gikkle instant scum for no pirate speakGrones,122,Me first mate rises!Red_Pandas,123,anyways, [VOTE] Rorschach [/VOTE]
I really can't shake off the feeling that they've somehow orchestrated this all
what exactly they may be planning is beyond me, but I know they're up too somethingMitochondria,124,nah, he wasn't doing the confused act for his first three posts of the gameHunterC98,125,how many times were you told to scrub the poopdeck?Red_Pandas,126,Aye, captain!Rorschach,127,Quite a few times unfortunately. On his first day he took the name a little too literally...Mitochondria,128,this is a dumb speculation read, but i think there will be scum among the people with post modifiers (and if one flips scum, the other(s) are prob town)Red_Pandas,129,TMI??
No post modifiers are in sight I think this is tmi!!Mitochondria,130,based, you got meHunterC98,131,post modifiers?Mitochondria,132,pi's pirate posting, skrim's schizophrenia posting, maybe gikkle's confused postingMitochondria,133,Post modifiers are basically just any parts of a person's role that require them to format all their posts in a certain way.HunterC98,134,ahhhh, gotcha...Gikkle,135,I think I'm more hungry than confused, to be quite honest.Grones,136,Mayhaps she be a truly disturbed lass, afflicted by rot of the brain, not a "post-modifier"Grones,137,Me life at sea as a young cabin boy was torturous! But now I be the most feared pirate and used car salesman in the seven seas!Mitochondria,138,You didn't seem very hungry in these posts


Is there any way anyone can give you food to help you out?TheHorla,139,Nosa reason, me just needed sometten to sayen in disa amusen translatorGikkle,140,I don't have a post modifier, I think. I'm actually not really sure yet. We'll have to wait and see.Mitochondria,141,okay fair

i'm so sorryGrones,142,Mito smells afoul to me, alike a gutted fish left out to rot in the Sun. Only good to throw overboard! Mito ne'er defends a soul 'cept when he be a foul mutineer! He be seekin to put the cap'n in his trouser pockets! Hardy yar yar!TheHorla,143,It's okeedayMitochondria,144,hey i can be selfless HunterC98,145,oh? Do you have early automobiles? im a big fan of the older models...Gikkle,146,Well... There is ONE way... But you might not like it... You see, it involves human flesh...Grones,147,[unvote] [/unvote] 
Yar Marky! Is this be the way to unvote, to appease the god of the seas, "vote count bot"?Grones,148,Aye we carry anything a landlubber would desire in their dark, nasty, landlubber heartMitochondria,149,How much human flesh?Grones,150,The only powerhouse on this ship will be used combustion engines! Yar har!TheHorla,151,YesaHunterC98,152,oh good..ill have to come and do some perusing for anything of interest...Grones,153,Methinks Hunter be loyal to the cap'n. He be returnin to the high seas after years of being away, surely he be wary and lurking beneath the depths, if he were a mutineer! Timid, scouting the waters! But he be in the fray, fighting with his cutlass like the best of us!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,154,I didn’t even consider Pi’s posting to be a restriction, I just thought he was like that this game.

I may be stupid, lol.

But anyway, I don’t think restrictions are AI at all, I can’t see mito’s argument tbh.Gikkle,155,Well... The exact amount remains to be seen.Gikkle,156,I thought we were just doing this for fun, to be honest.TheHorla,157,Me'm finden disa so fun dat me think me'm goen to keep it tup.Grones,158,It be no restriction! I be struck down by the heavens with this curse, but I will become more power than you could possibly imagine!






Yar har, I drifted to the wrong franchise, for a moment there lads. The sun and years at sea be taking a toll on this cap'n's mind.Grones,159,Away with ye, ShylockVizier,160,What if I need a new ship?Grones,161,Take yerself to the shipyards then, ye scurvy dog! This cap'n sells only used cars!HunterC98,162,i be a little rusty with my sword, more akin to my pistols and muskets..10000 Jelly Doughnuts,163,Did my car’s warranty expire yet?Grones,164,O not yet, no lass! But ye must be here for yer car's extended warranty! For a mere 9000 gold pieces, yer vehicle be warranted and safe to ride the streets of Port Royal for years (two years) to come! Ah! To the plank with years! Fork over yer firstborn and yer car be warranted for a decade!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,165,Sorry, my firstborn has a contractual obligation already.HunterC98,166,ooooh, is that the new payment method?Grones,167,Damn that thieving Rumplestiltskin! That scurvy dog! Freshwater kleptomaniac! Stealing me customers!Red_Pandas,168,technically my role pm never said what alignment I am so I may be scumSkrimiche,169,explain owoSkrimiche,170,sussy
[VOTE]Red_Pandas[/VOTE]Grones,171,
Scarrrrred arrrre ya?MrEevee7,172,Sadly no
I dont think any one of those is actually a post modifier tbh except maybe pi
When u claim neutral:
[vote] panda [/vote]MrEevee7,173,If you can prove you arent neutral evil you can stay alive for nowCjBeats,174,IM ALIVE.
IM KICKIN. 
I AM HERE.

I get to play with Mito uwu, how exciting. And my boy arra, who I shall defend with my life.


mfw10000 Jelly Doughnuts,175,That’s concerning10000 Jelly Doughnuts,176,Sadge, CJ forgets about me and Pi.CjBeats,177,Fear not my good jelly, I have not forgotten thee. I simply never play with the boy arra so it brings me much joy and excitement. OHO AND THE HUNT IS HERE TOO WHAT A GLORIOUS DAY. THIS GAME SHALL BE A SPLENDID GAME OF CAMARADERIE AND BETRAYAL.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,178,You mean trolling at an advanced level?CjBeats,179,I do not understand what you mean by that my good Jelly.Vizier,180,
Mh. No like.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,181,Oh. You will 

Gut, based on nothing, read: Gikkle town.Red_Pandas,182,yeah
well im obviously not neutral, because im mafia.
yeah maybeSkrimiche,183,i thought you said you didn't know your alignmentRed_Pandas,184,yeah but I got the mafia chat so im good nowSkrimiche,185,oh okay sweetSkrimiche,186,hey now wait just a diddily darn second here

did it not say your alignment in the title of your pm??Red_Pandas,187,I mean who knows, I COULD be a secret hidden neutral in the mafia chatRed_Pandas,188,why
why would it
be in the title?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,189,Pandas obvious jester?Vizier,190,Jesters win if they die by vote...Right?Red_Pandas,191,tbh I kind of think this is some sort of scum slip 
I dont know exactly how that would work but im sure thats not how the pms workRed_Pandas,192,I agree10000 Jelly Doughnuts,193,Yes. And Machine's a fan of the original jester that kills everyone else when they die.Red_Pandas,194,that sounds really exciting tbh I think you guys should vote me10000 Jelly Doughnuts,195,Nah, we'll NK you instead 

Someone's a vig, right?Skrimiche,196,@10000 Jelly Doughnuts is your alignment in the title of your pm/file?

sure it is!Azmimel,197,I don’t think we should lynch pandas today, but we should just shoot him. 10000 Jelly Doughnuts,198,It's just labeled 'Game C' and has the role contained within. 

Although I notice a lot of spelling and grammar errors within the file, so I think machine was in a rush or something. Dunno. What's it like for everyone else?Skrimiche,199,inb4 he made them all different so people couldn't cheese the gameSkrimiche,200,oh i see
i meant the name of your role pm file, not the hypixel pmAzmimel,201,are you that nervous about a joke post? don’t like that :3
That’s a good point.

Skrim/Gikkle/Mark/Pi

do any of you actually have a post modifier or are you just joking?Azmimel,202,we all made the pms so that would be NAI anyway

also don’t feel like we should be doing this to solve the game : (Red_Pandas,203,I haven't checked my file
ohh that makes much more senseMrEevee7,204,You know town isnt called mafia this game right?
Didnt machine say there are no jesters?Azmimel,205,maybe his post modifier is that he has to lie all the time? can’t see how this would be a good jester play. It’s way too obvious; I think something else has to be going on here.MrEevee7,206,You requested machine for a normal role pm tho so you dont have a file10000 Jelly Doughnuts,207,Lmao probably.
TBH, that's a pretty scummy thing to say. I've not seen town non-ironically say that.
Machine said that *anything* could be on the rolelist afaik. I could have misread the rules, but I think he said earlier that anything goes.Skrimiche,208,why would i be nervous because of you  

re: post modifier - joke

what do you suggest instead then
cause i dont have anything elseGrones,209,Aye me heartie! I be a cap'n and a used car salesman! Yarrrr!Skrimiche,210,why are we assuming people have post modifiers and using that to determine alignments/roles .-.Grones,211,Yarrr ye be a rude wench, ye be speakin to Mel10000 Jelly Doughnuts,212,Even if Pi has a post restriction, he's having too much fun and I love it. Lock town for wholesomeness.Azmimel,213,Idk, you’re the one who asked me to explain reads made during RVS. Why ask me to explain these reads and not the other one I made after it?? 
there were enough people acting like they had post modifiers that I thought it was a possibility.

remember pi’s worldeater role?Azmimel,214,heyyy do you have a post modifier or nah?Grones,215,It be a fool's errand to affix our spyglasses on th'heavens-cursed speeches. It be the gods playing a jest on ourrrrrr lives! Next scurvy rat to say a worrrrrd gets to be a man overrboarrrd!HunterC98,216,am i a joke to you?HunterC98,217,Redeemed. All is forgiven.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,218,Everytime I read your signature, I want a burger. Dang you.Grones,219,Avast me hearties! The signature be needin an update!Azmimel,220,do you like our pfp?? i picked it out please compliment me Azmimel,221,can’t dislike posts yet : (Skrimiche,222,for anyone else who was wondering if this was actually true or not:
///////
ily mel but my point still stands xoxo

duh, because i only care about things regarding me. uwu

i think the odds of another post modified worldeater are too low to give significant thought to atmAzmimel,223,love u too 
You ask why I thought post modifiers could be indicative of alignment/role and that was my first thought. my point is that if they are real we shouldn’t brush them to the side.Grones,224,th'signaturrrre be amended forrrr th'high seas!Skrimiche,225,ehh
i still dont think theyre important (or at least not something to be focusing on for today). only one person (grones) could be argued to have one. what does that tell you?Grones,226,It be tellin ye I be th'cap'n and ye best be harkening to 'im lest ye wish t'be a wench strrrranded on BarbadosCjBeats,227,uWu panda-kun open wolfing, what a glorious day! This game will be as easy as taking a baby away from their candy!

[vote]Panda[/vote]Scythe,228,ayieh10000 Jelly Doughnuts,229,Oh?
Yes, I do! I really could go for some pasta right now, not going to lie
CJ using uWu unirionically is scaryMrEevee7,230,pandas is definitely scum, but if they are a jester we should probably be careful about lynching them. 
[unvote] [/unvote]MrEevee7,231,it gets worse when you realize
a. they dont have a file
b. they said they already read their role and it didnt say their alignment.Skrimiche,232,coward! [vote]red_pandas[/vote]Grones,233,I be thinkin this speech talk be a waste of ourrrrr voyageGrones,234,Ye ruffians be speakin of a jester
10000 Jelly Doughnuts,235,
^
Specific beats general, and if someone had something in their PM saying they differed from the rules, that takes the reigns.CjBeats,236,Doth thou fellows really think the machine would throw a jester in this here game? Nay, panda-kun is quite simply a wolf who scumsclipped. Tis the only logical explanation for his actions, say I.Gikkle,237,I claim jesterGrones,238,Gikkle be a fine tarrrrget t'send overrrrboarrrd methinks10000 Jelly Doughnuts,239,why the hell are you doing weeb shakespeare speak?Grones,240,This be the second Shakespeare rrrrreference on this ship! A coincidence?Azmimel,241,It was the first thing I noticed when I read up this morning, so that's why I asked a question about it. Red pandas being jester feels a little too easy for me. Why was he being so obviously scummy?? That's why I suggested an alternate theory: a post modifier. But it's just that, a theory.


I don't know what it tells us because I don't know that much yet. I was just curious as to why some people were acting like they had one. Could be important in the future though.Azmimel,242,pandas rating one of my posts funny feels like a punch to the gut tbhGikkle,243,the alignment is in the title right
tbh I missed that completely and just thought "village #" was something to just describe me, not my alignment. My actual role pm doesn't have my alignment so I didn't know I was town until I asked for my win con an hour later lol.

So maybe pandas is telling the truth and since there is no title machine can change in the pms sent by panda he just had a role pm with no alignmentRed_Pandas,244,I may be dumb, but I'm not stupid
no I really haven't, machine told me my role in the pm
I think machine had given me a file already when I asked for a normal pm
yeah that's true
ew CJ saying uwu instant scum [VOTE] Cjbeats [/VOTE]
scum jest?
how does not having a file make it worse
and I got my alignment now im pretty sure it was just an error that I foundRed_Pandas,245,I reaaaaaally want to do funny talk somehow but I cant think of anythingHunterC98,246,hmmm....i say we give the man what he wants, what do you all say?
[vote] Gikkle [/vote]Red_Pandas,247,I find it really funny that I've managed to get myself almost consensus scum read by doing random RVS jokes

no, I am not going to stop.Azmimel,248,are you seriously going to write this off as RVS? fmlGikkle,249,consensus? By like 4 people?Gikkle,250,It's still RVS in my heartAzmimel,251,;-; I'm so confused right nowCjBeats,252,Who knows why any of us do anything in this accursed world?

let us look at thee panda-kun. An experienced member of this here mafia party. Are we to truly believe the man is a dumbfounded idiot? He is not! Panda-kun is an intellectual who scumslipped as his pms are different than our own! Tis the only logical explanation for senpai’s actions!Red_Pandas,253,yes, I will
tbh though the jokes did kinda suck
yeah pretty muchCjBeats,254,Let me enlighten thee. RVS means random voting sycle. You are welcome!Gikkle,255,Town members can't win after dying
Thus town and mafia will be equally scared of getting lynched
Anyone who acts like they are okay with being lynched is a liarCjBeats,256,Hunter me pal! What is thine experience with the game of mafia as we play now?Red_Pandas,257,Im pretty sure mine is the same as everyone else's but coolCjBeats,258,Did ye not ask the machine senpai for a role pm different then our own?


and yet, you my dear Gik claimed jester! Hmmmm suspicious!Red_Pandas,259,yeah I dont actually have a file
just checked
I had one for game A but then I moved to game C
so my alignment technically wasn't anywhere in my PM before machine added itAzmimel,260,I get what you're saying, but I also don't understand why he wouldn't have just questioned machine privately until he understood his role. Why does he benefit from announcing that he has no alignment in his role pm?? What does that do for him?? 


if it was a joke it was a terrible one. 


Oh, CJ, you are a saucy boy!Red_Pandas,261,yeah kind of?
it was just asking for my role in the pm instead of in the file
technicallyyyyy it wasn't a joke 
but I did announce it ironicallyCjBeats,262,Perhaps the machine senpai made an Oopsie woodsie? Could it be!? Is our senpai incompetent??CjBeats,263,There was once a saying back in the day of mine from whence I was born! Comedy is subjective! Terrible jokes are still jokes my dearest Azimel!Grones,264,This be a revealing day, we thrrrow Gikkle orr Skrrrim overboard! Hunterrr, Panda, and Cj arrrrre loyal to the cap'n, forrrr cerrtain!Red_Pandas,265,im afraid soCjBeats,266,And did the machine senpai give you your request in the different role pm?Grones,267,[vote] gikkle [/vote]CjBeats,268,Alas, perhaps we should lynch him instead! Oh what a great sacrifice we must make for our panda-Kun!!Grones,269,Cj ye best stop discussin rrrrrole PMs lest ye appearrr as a conspirator mutineerrrr t'me, thrrrowin the discussion overrrboardCjBeats,270,Enlighten me my dearest cap’n-kun, what is the problem with mistress Skrimiche on this day?Grones,271,[vote]cj[/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,272,I. I.

I'm intimidated. I won't lie.CjBeats,273,My curiosity shan’t be quenched, not even by my dearest cap’n-kun.Grones,274,She be talkin amiss, and I be seeing a vile connection betwixt herrr and th'GikkleRed_Pandas,275,can confirm
yeah I think machine Lynch would be a good idea
yesCjBeats,276,Oh to switch so fast in the heart of thee! What a glorious mind you possess!Azmimel,277,
hmmmm ok10000 Jelly Doughnuts,278,




Pi's reversal of his opinions is well within his normal town meta, I think. Therefore, I will say that Pi is a high TR of mine, and would rather not want him lynched.CjBeats,279,Then chalk it up to nothing more than a miscommunication! Non-alignment indicative say I!

[unvote][/unvote]
It is settled!


my dearest jelly! I am playing most seriously in my heart!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,280,This is 1000000000% cursed.Azmimel,281,I don't like how quickly you accepted that. Where did your certainty go?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,282,


HunterC98,283,uhhh....lets see..last time i played was...what? 5'ish years ago?HunterC98,284,appreciate the vote of confidence cap!Grones,285,Jelly be using jests t'avoid exposing herrrrself as a vile mutineer?Azmimel,286,this feels like the complete opposite of how she was last game, so I'm kinda ok with it,Grones,287,Arghhhhh10000 Jelly Doughnuts,288,Nah, I just wanted to make memes. That's all. I would say that I'd stop doing them, but that would be a lie, because they're funny. 

[Vote]Cj/Vote]

Something pings me about him, he feels wishywashy.

ANd yea, pi's that way too, but he's usually that way as town.Grones,289,Panda be town, no throwin o'erboard, cap'n's orderrs10000 Jelly Doughnuts,290,I disagree with him being town, but agree with not lynching. Hopefully we have a TK that can handle the jester.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,291,because I don't see scum pandas or town pandas being this way tbh.HunterC98,292,i feel too scrambled to make a fair assumption here.

cap'n seems busy being the spitting image of a proper town seafarer.

gikkle seems to be pure chaos.

cj seems awful authoritative, though that could be chalked up with trying to make up for missing some talk time.

jelly seems to be alright so far, a pinch quiet but i dunno how she plays to make a concern of that.

azmimel is either staying very quiet and stoking flames or just unavailable most often.Azmimel,293,Maybe if you explain the connection between Gikkle and Skrim I'd explain my read :3


He's either village idiot or neutral imoGrones,294,Let's brrring out the rum and play a game below decks! All ye scalleywag excuses for sailors, bellow out the scummiest, most treacherous words ye can


The cap'n'll begin

I be so disappointed I be a loyal one this voyage, I be hopin t'be a treacherous mutineer, but the gods declarrre me loyal to me post, th'CAP'NRed_Pandas,295,I feel like I probably would be dumb enough to make these jokes as bothAzmimel,296,the only reason why I could imagine anyone saying this is because they want to be lynched.Azmimel,297,trying to chat with my hydra partner :3MrEevee7,298,hes still lying about not checking the file, as he claims he doesnt have a file later on
so you knew your alignment, so why did you say you didnt?
scum != mafia, it just is evil roles. so jester would be scum as it makes town lose in the case that it is lynched
because you said you didnt read your file, but if you dont have it thats just an obvious lie that you didnt read it.HunterC98,299,aaah...yes that is a thing, my bad.Red_Pandas,300,eh
that doesn't mean I'm lying though, if I dont have a file then I didnt read it?
so it's still true
my alignment was never in the PM before I made the joke about it
after that machine added it
technically I didn't
I dont think jester is even in the game since everyones win-con is to stay alive and defeat the other faction iirc
but that means it's true??
also I did think I had a file
my memory is bad and its not something I thought was importantCjBeats,301,Twas explained away by the panda-kun! My certainty was replaced by uncertainty before being uprisen by a new kind of certainty!
Then ye are but a bab who I shall protect henceforth!


Is coming to an understanding wishy washy my dearest jelly? It is not!MrEevee7,302,no one says "i didnt read my book!!!" if they dont have a book. you were clearly trying to make an excuse for "not knowing your alignment"
ah yes, what a great reason to be town. "my memory is bad"

guys i claim scum!!!!
wait no my memory is bad im actually town!!!Grones,303,9 times out o'10, when ye landlubbers be assured and confident ye caught a scumslip rrrrelatin' t'role PMs, ye be sorrrely mistaken. This be a useless arrrrrgument made by lazy landlubberrrsRed_Pandas,304,as said previously, at the time I thought I had a file 
I never tried to make it an argument that I was was town but sure
I was literally just stating that I had mis-remembered it
also me claiming that I was mafia is the most obvious joke in history10000 Jelly Doughnuts,305,Rum? Rum?

Honestly: scum doesn't usually tend to say that they wished they rolled scum. It's a town move in my experience. Or at least I think so. Pi just keeps on being more townie somehow.
No one read the rules closely enough and it shows.
This is 100% cursed why am I in this game, I should suffer in the nexus instead why why why why whyRed_Pandas,306,im dumb be patient with meSkrimiche,307,pg 13 atm
[vote]CjBeats[/vote]HunterC98,308,okay, lemme be the first to come to the question, do we lynch off of all the nonsense in an attempt to knock out a bad guy or let time pass and use abilities to try and find stuff out?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,309,In most games, town tries to lynch everyday due to the information gained from the flip and the potential mafia member dead.

Here it may be less advisable because a lynch on someone is an automatic 'you lose' thing, so I feel like people are more hesitant this time.DAREALMoneyMan,310,I do not like that you are attempting to brush off his actions via of setup speculationGikkle,311,[VOTE]No-Lynch[/VOTE]
When's the last time we had a d1 no lynch? :3HunterC98,312,soooo keep yapping till someone slips?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,313,Based!
[Vote]No-Lynch[/Vote]
Yep, you got it. Eventually someone will vote dumb, pressures build and then scum slipping happens!CjBeats,314,Oh Gikkle-Chan, you wild man! Perhaps once I would’ve joined you on your quest to lynch not a soul, but alas, I have come to realize the benefit of lynching a person day 1. To not do so would be an inservice to the game!HunterC98,315,aye aye cap-errr...jelly.Vizier,316,You seem...Rather. 

Dead-set on lynching.CjBeats,317,And you aren’t my dearest Arra?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,318,I'm waiting for the time CJ says 'you saucy boy' unironically. 

I think I woke up in the twilight zoneSkrimiche,319,what if they just dont care about losing :3

im down
[vote]Skrimiche[/vote]

gikkle is quaking in his bootsVizier,320,Not particularly. I really wouldn't want more company.Grones,321,Arrrgh! Based! 
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Grones,322,Land ho!Grones,323,Argh! I meant @CjBeats10000 Jelly Doughnuts,324,CJ is a farming instrument?Grones,325,He'll be farmin votes 'ere the tide changes10000 Jelly Doughnuts,326,Also: weird thought: what if dead players were still in the game somehow.

Seems very weird that Machine would just ban dead chat and giving the rolelist.

Maybe there could be revivers. Idk, just seems odd to me.HunterC98,327,That could be interesting, but then the question is, what extent of knowledge would they come back with?Grones,328,The dead souls be sent away from Davy Jones locker because all 3 worlds be connected, methinks.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,329,The same bit of when they were dead, I think.
most assuredly there’s a connection.HunterC98,330,Which makes sense of the snippet of not revealing roles.HunterC98,331,guess playing it safe would be the smart thing to do..
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Grones,332,If ye were bettin yer life on it, which of these ruffians would ye wager is a mutineer?HunterC98,333,if i was to wager my doubloons against a soul, i would say one of the quieter ones...likely mito. just don't have enough to go off of to make a safe assumption.Grones,334,Aye! Mito be a treacherous cabin boy, but for other reasons.

Speakin of quiet ruffians, lurkin under the sea,
@DAREALMoneyManHunterC98,335,i wanted to ask about him but wasnt sure if i just didnt know his name he used.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,336,Explain?TheHorla,337,I don't 100% understand the pandas situation, but I learned the hard way last game that most of the time, "scumslips" related to PMs and formatting are usually just people getting confused.

Let me see if I read this right:
- pandas got his role in a PM, not a file
- the text of the PMs doesn't contain a wincon
- since you can't edit the title of a PM, machine forgot to tell pandas his alignment
- pandas noticed this, made a joke out of it
- people didn't realize that pandas wouldn't have known his alignment from his file title, since he got his role as a PM
Explaining away behaviour as a post modifier is bad logic and scummy. If we want to argue that player such and such is "obviously scummy" because of a "post modifier", we might as well hang up our towels and go home here.
Eevee is way too confident here for my liking.
Disappointed in gikkle for speaking sense here and not using this prime reaction fish opportunity.Azmimel,338,yea, but I also don't like the fact that he's trying to write it off as an RVS joke. I wouldn't lynch him either way, but I certainly don't think he's towny.
Not attempting to brush his actions off. I'm trying to figure out on earth he would inform us (apparently as a joke) that he had no alignment in his role pm. It was just a theory . I personally don't see scum or town doing that in any situation.Azmimel,339,I think they are, specifically because of this quote from the rules for game C
Grones,340,Mito be a snake charmer, a silverrrr-tongued succubus


Across the 7 seas, I've always known this landlubber to be a rotten soul from the malbolge. He be a seducer, a liar, a flatterer, a two faced duplicitous freshwater politician!

His treacherous mutiny sails on
He be a sower of deceit, he sets our ship along the wrong course, subtly like the Majesty's snake charmer he be.Grones,341,What be the cabin boy's agenda?Skrimiche,342,[VOTE]MrEevee7[/VOTE]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,343,Mmm, I disagree, but there's probably no reason to be setup speculating
Okay other than being a dnd monster, what did Mito do?
Why?HunterC98,344,i shall kick back and watch this show unfold til i have anything interesting or thoughtful to add.Azmimel,345,oh sorry i should've been more specific on which part. I think dead players will still have an impact on the game. I have no clue about revivers.TheHorla,346,Am... I the cabin boy? Or eevee?Azmimel,347,this is the second time you've voted a person pi has put under some sort of pressure with no explanation.Grones,348,Review th'rest o'me post, illiterate wenchTheHorla,349,Where did pi pressure eevee?Grones,350,Eevee, that dogMitochondria,351,I agree with Mark's take on the Panda situation. Don't fully understand what their confusion was and honestly don't care enough about this discussion line to spend the brainpower figuring it out, but odds are more likely they got confused and communicated their confusion poorly rather than them being scum that we caught right away.

I'm also mindmelding with Mark on his Eevee take (shows up, tunnels Panda, then dips; I especially didn't like the post he made asking Panda to "prove he's not neutral evil," it's a weirdly specific thing to ask for), but I'm super uncomfy with Skrim's naked vote on him and the underlying feeling that thread consensus is quickly shifting against Eevee. Quick shifts in thread consensus generally indicate that the target's town.

I'm not sure if I dislike this post because a) I'm annoyed that we're already starting our discussion about how Mito not living in the thread = scum (in which case this post is NAI and I'm just being emotional) or b) it's scummy that I get specifically called out despite the majority of the game having done nothing thus far.

Pi's read on me is bad and he should feel bad, but I like his play so far.

Pi and Mark feel town, sans the post I called out above I've been liking Hunter, Skrim's kinda weirding me out so light scumread, I guess scumread on Eevee too but I don't think Skrim/Eevee is a scum pair.Grones,352,And where be th'first time?TheHorla,353,@Azmimel are either of you ABBA fans? (Based on your signature, just wondering)10000 Jelly Doughnuts,354,ah okay yea.
I did, you threw out spicy insults and then refused to elaborate more lolGrones,355,I'll hang ye from th'highest mast with yer own innardsMitochondria,356,I'll sink ye ship before I hangAzmimel,357,oops I mixed up you and grones. But the point should still stand. She's voted people that others have put under pressure with no explanation. 
Don't know about azmine, but I sure am.Grones,358,He be seekin a pocketed sailor, and he be veering us off course, distracting us like a Siren's cry!TheHorla,359,An hour ago I impulsively scumread him for it, but:
- good chance eevee is confused as well
- scumhunting is good, considering that it'd be easy for scum to sit back and chill right now
- I agree with mito that a shifting consensus that eevee is scum is in general indicative that eevee is town (particularly considering that he's often considered an easy lynch)Grones,360,


HunterC98,361,fair, i may not have said it well, the second half of the message was supposed to be me saying i am not fully capable to make a firm guess because i don't have anything to compare it against.CjBeats,362,You are doing amazing my dearest sweet huntie-Chan.

Let us move forward on our conversation from the mister panda-kun! It shan’t get us anywhere doddling on about it! When does this here fine day end?Grones,363,@CjBeatsHunterC98,364,Day 1 ends tomorrow at....7:45 PM i believe?Mitochondria,365,If Pi or Hunter flips scum, I think it's decently likely the other flips scum as well. They've been pretty buddy-buddy all game (meta is fairly useless, but as a point of comparison from playing scum with Pi before, I remember he's not big on bussing teammates) and I'm still weirded out by Hunter shading me without committing to a Mito scumread stance and then backpedalling a bit when I responded (builds support for Pi's read without him really sticking his neck out there).

@CjBeats-kun uwu, what do you think of things so far?CjBeats,366,Such a long day, oh me oh my! Thank you dearest cap’n-Chan. I shall love you long time.Grones,367,One of these cabin boys will walk the plank, ere the day is done! E'eryone else aboard this ship be safe!Grones,368,Yer a bold oneMitochondria,369,Being controversial is fun Grones,370,LiberrrrralsCjBeats,371,I think things are just downright fascinating in this here game! A glorious tale of whodunnit taking place upon our doorstep!
I know not the reasoning on why people are scumming the Eevee-weevee, so I could use an explanation, but beyond that there confusion I do so believe the cap’n-Chan is a good lad. Huntie-wuntie-kun is newish, so I shall protect him for now. I do so believe that talking about panda-kun as we have done so much is becoming nothing more than a waste of time. That moment has passed. I would like to hear more from my dearest arra! A delightful, beautiful, man!Grones,372,Aye?Mitochondria,373,Very wholesome post but oh so very safe! Gimme something spicy, what's your hottest take about the game right now?CjBeats,374,My dearest jelly is a sneaky, sniveling, conniving devil bent on seeing this dearest world of ours burn to the ground upon which we stand!Mitochondria,375,Now we're cooking, how come?HunterC98,376,i was asked who i thought could be scummy and answered off of what i had...which still aint much...Mitochondria,377,That's fair - and to be clear, I've generally liked your posts thus far - but the point still stands. Wishywashy reads are never a good look because they're commonly used by scum to set up mislynches and erode the town's trust in other townies without the scum player needing to commit to the read or lead the lynch (both of which look bad when the target flips town).10000 Jelly Doughnuts,378,[JOKEVOTE]JELLY[JOKEVOTE]

oh god, everyone's doing weeb shakespeare and pirate speak. Get me outta here


---
I can see a wolf eevee, but I'm hesistant because he's LHF and I feel like I could be misdirected.

It's very weird cash hasn't spoken at all, but I don't think that's AI.

CJ feels... off for some reason, maybe the restriction is throwing me off, but it feels like some serious misdirection in his posts.CjBeats,379,Despite being how one may say active, she is too concerned with how people say things instead of they say! No notable contributions have come forth from her blessed heart, and I find that odd for someone of her stature and expertise!CjBeats,380,Right as I say such words she comes with the spice, oh my! Misdirection in what way my dear friend?HunterC98,381,alrighty, ill be sure to keep that in mind.Grones,382,Indra moment 


(Argh)Grones,383,Cj vs Jelly be a fool's errand, akin t'searching for the fountain o'youthCjBeats,384,Then consider me a fool, cause this one errand that I just must run! My curious heart shan’t be quenched until I do!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,385,Let me go through your posts real quick and find what sort of bothered me. It's very possible it's not your fault and I'm in shock from the PR.CjBeats,386,I shall await patiently with pounding enthusiasm for your return!MrEevee7,387,idk about anyone else but it says right in my file what my alignment is, not just the title of it. so machine shouldve still told him his alignment regardless of whether or not it was in a normal pm. i assumed this meant he was neutral as normally neutral just comes with the roll and no statement of alignment
and then he started talking about his file, which seemed scummy to me as he shouldnt have one based on his request, and he also said he didnt read his file, which would be a pointless post to make if he had read his pm where his role should have been, so id assumed it was again, a lie.Azmimel,388,First post I could find related to his interactions with Pandas.





Eevee remembered that Pandas asked for his role in a PM instead of a file, and then fixates on Pandas saying he did not open his file where his role was because that shouldn't have been a possibility for Pandas. 

I feel like it's way too easy to scum read Eevee based on just his interactions with Pandas (which are the only significant ones he's had), especially since Pandas was creating confusion, which is not a townie thing to do.

Right now it's low-hanging fruit, and I'd like to see more from Eevee before I actually consider him to be a lynch target.

@MrEevee7 whatcha feeling right now?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,389,The hard part is that I do have issues with telling jokes and such over text. The post modifier is making it really difficult to tell if you're sincere or just playing it up. I try to keep it in mind, but you do seem to be trying to pocket people.
And then you make the argument that there was a scum slip despite not knowing anything about the format of the roles, especially because I can't really find an example PM anywhere that would justify the reason. Pandas was weird, but this is a confusing game.

Although saying you've never read your PM (pandas) is scummy, so that's agreeable
With Hunter
Hunter again, and then you were enlightened, but it reads to me like you thought this was a dead end thing.
Pi.

And well, you seem to have an odd relationship with Mito too, the 'spiciest takes' feels very forced to me.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,390,Spicy take: Neither Eevee nor Pandas should be in the lynch pool today.Azmimel,391,I'm okay with a no-lynch, but I want Skrim to explain why she voted CJ and Eevee.Grones,392,


Red_Pandas,393,setup spec good, this argument is not valid
that's pretty much right
I can get thinking pi has one but me being a bit confusing definitely =/= post mod
if anything its very normal for me to be confusing10000 Jelly Doughnuts,394,You know, when it feels like everyone's trying to pocket you, no one is. But there are like three people who did click agree on a lot of my posts recently.

EDIT: removed 'let me check' idk why I put that there.Azmimel,395,yeah, I got a little overeager thinking about post modifiers. 
I thought you didn't like CJ? Where are you on that?TheHorla,396,Why are you bringing up a no lynch so early?Azmimel,397,because three people have voted for a no-lynch so farAzmimel,398,just checked vote count, it's actually fourTheHorla,399,It just feels super weird to preface that question with that statementAzmimel,400,I mean if skrim doesn't explain her votes well then I won't be ok with a no-lynch.Vizier,401,
I swear I heard someone roll in their grave with that joke. Absolutely sickening.HunterC98,402,Sorry, that was me.Grones,403,
Grones,404,@TheHorla a used car for your thoughts?CjBeats,405,Me and mito-Chan’s relationship is one of resounding love, but that does not mean I would like to pocket. Alas, I know not the heart of Mito-Chan, so I cannot say anything about him! As for the other laddies you mentioned, I simple wish to protect huntie-wuntie on this first day as he has not played in many a moon. And is it wrong to love my cap’n-Chan for telling me when day ends? I think not! But that is the only reason I said such things, so i find it a stretch if you think that’s me trying to pocket the dear lad.

And one does know the format of a role pm, or at the very least one should! After all, we all received one from the machine senpai!TheHorla,406,Null on everyone except gikkle (light town for speaking up for panda) and lean scum on skrimiche for voting eevee.HunterC98,407,to be fair, a lot of what eevee has to say is either voting or straight calling folks out, not that i agree against him but it is something to keep aware of.Skrimiche,408,
i have my reasons, and if i dont make them public then that is also for a reason. :s

i dont think he is?

gimme a bit

scary ;-;Grones,409,Eevee be a mighty sailor, no LHF 
He be no mutineer, ne'erthelessGrones,410,Who ye be wagering be the mutineer, then?DAREALMoneyMan,411,Alas I am binging Ted lasso, I will probably be done with the season by the end of the day so I’ll do things then (TM)Skrimiche,412,also i voted cj because he had stinky energy but i dont feel like pushing him rnRed_Pandas,413,relatableAzmimel,414,Other head popping in! It's cause (you're his scum buddy) : )Skrimiche,415,prove it busterTheHorla,416,Maybe skrim and azmimel?TheHorla,417,To expand on this a bit: azmimel made some really poor attacks on panda (the whole pm speculation bit was bad, thinking that he had a post modifier that made him always lie was scummy, reading him as jester was scummy, not considering that he may have been a bit confused (and that he was telling the truth that he didn't know his alignment at the beginning) was scummy.)

Skrim naked voted eevee after I attacked them is scum-indicative, and mel immediately criticizing them (and afterwards weakly pressuring skrim) feels a bit more like scum distancing than actual scumhunting.Azmimel,418,Pandas came out and said that he did not have an alignment in his role pm, and then later claimed mafia. He did not claim that he was joking until later. That was confusing to me. I saw absolutely no reasoning for town or scum to have made that move, so I assumed he was a neutral who wanted to die. I don’t think that’s scummy.

I never speculated above role pms. In fact, I was very against it. I did speculate a bit about post modifiers, and yeah, I’ll admit I fixated on it a bit too much, but I was trying to figure out why on earth he would’ve decided to share all of this information with us instead of dming machine and figuring it out, which is what I would’ve done, and post modifiers were on my mind because of the earlier discussion. Was it a poor decision to setup speculate so early on? Probably. Is it alignment indicative? Probably not.

I don’t know why you think my argument against skrim has been weak. I haven’t voted her, that’s true, but I didn’t want to vote anyone until I discussed it with my partner.

this is the only post I made about role pms.MrEevee7,419,Idk tbh but i feel like some of the ppl on my wagon are scummy
Why? That's just straight up an anti town line of thought.Skrimiche,420,anti town? like an anti hero? sickSkrimiche,421,+ no it isnt

machine if by some miracle youre reading this i hate you for the no edit ruleRed_Pandas,422,I can see that, kind ofRed_Pandas,423,its been in mafia games like foreverSkrimiche,424,

Spoiler: cj stink pg 13









Skrimiche,425,yeah but normally i can edit in my afterthoughts when i post
now i have to double post and it's annoying for people trying to catch up TheHorla,426,There's a whole bunch to unpack here:
- if someone claims mafia, it's obviously a joke
- jokes are a thing, and don't necessarily imply that someone wants to die.
- I think it's scummy to read into his behaviour this much
- Making assumptions about the veracity of panda's claim that machine forgot to state his alignment is inherently PM speculation
- Re: why panda shared the info: when I read his posts, I found it funny that machine forgot to give him his alignment; that you didn't consider (or pretended to not consider) that he shared it because mod errors are funny is scummy.
- I didn't say that the post modifier speculation was scummy because it's setup speculation (but good point there, I guess that's one more reason to scumread you!). Your comment was scummy because trying to explain player behaviour by post-speculation ("they are lying/acting off because of mod instructions") is not a townie line of reasoning.
- Your argument against skrim is so far weak because I find it unpursuasive.Rorschach,427,*unpersuasiveGrones,428,Jokes aint always jokes arghhhSkrimiche,429,FIGHT ME YOU COWARDRorschach,430,Sure.
Skrim has been modkilled.

I win.

Skrim has been reinstated into the game.MrEevee7,431,How is it notTheHorla,432,What are you saying here?Azmimel,433,





1) From my point of view, we were out of RVS/the banter stage. Pandas said he thought it would be exciting if people voted him. That implies he wants to die.
2) He didn’t clear up that it was a joke until 30-45 minutes after, and during that time he was a major topic of discussion. The majority of players on at the time believed him to be a jester. He didn’t clear it up immediately even though he was online, which I found weird.
3) You’re telling me it’s suspicious to analyze a player I found scummy at the time? 


My argument was not about PM speculation because I was questioning why he shared the information with us. I was confused because I would’ve asked machine instead of sharing it with the rest of the players in the game. Because of this, I thought it might be a ploy to make himself seem suspicious and therefore get voted.





Proof that I never once speculated about what was actually in his PM, just that I wondered why he actually did it.


Once again, I didn’t understand why Pandas was sharing the information with us. So I tried to figure out why. Two things came into my mind. Jester, which was a common answer among the online players, and a post modifier. I thought of a post modifier because of what I’d been thinking about before with you, grones, skrim, and Gikkle.


My argument against Skrim is her votes with absolutely nothing to back them up. I made that point before you did, you just dedicated an entire post to it. Do you not find your own argument persuasive enough?Skrimiche,434,im sure youve had times where you didnt want to spell things out for a greater purposeGrones,435,Nothin 
Yar har harGrones,436,[vote] cash [/vote]Gikkle,437,I'm 2% closer to ending the world
better kill me before thenTheHorla,438,Not yet, actually! It's pretty weak right now. My argument is that you're making the same (weak) argument as I am, but to distance yourself from her.
*shrugs* Regardless of how you define the end of RVS, I did not take their posts seriously. I think you are taking some posts that were not meant to be taken seriously far too seriously, and tied yourself up in knots trying to explain them via post modifiers.
I think the majority of players that were on at the time were wrong about that. 
Yes, depending on what you're analyzing? See the comment above about taking things seriously.
Just trying to understand something here. Did you think he was telling the truth that machine forgot to give his alignment, or not?
I understand that! The facts here are clear. But I think your conclusion was wrong, and I find it suspicious that you came to the conclusion that it was a post modifier.MrEevee7,439,sure, but seeing as it is impossible to have mech info atm, i dont see how it could be that.
and not explaining reads, unless youre just being lazy, doesnt help town at all and makes you look like you dont have any actual reasons for them10000 Jelly Doughnuts,440,Except speculating on pms is useless especially for Req because he does make changes and edits to the template all the time.

Heck, he didn't even put a period in my pm, is that scum indicative?

Also Skrim, give your reasons, let's not play this gameSkrimiche,441,booooo

touché

Cj - I quoted the posts that pinged me earlier while I was reading up. I didn't feel like pushing him (I confess to being lazy!), and I switched off to Eevee soon after because that's a vote I have reasons for doing aside from gut.

Eevee - First, I thought Pandas scumslipped about his alignment not being in his pm. This was because i asked Machine earlier if the "village" in the title of my google doc was my alignment (because it wasnt in the contents of the doc), and he confirmed it. But then I thought about it some more, and realized it was more likely that it was just a goof & not an actual scumslip. Eevee pointing out the contradiction with Panda's PM (being on the hypixel forums and not a google doc) seemed townie to me, but his subsequent hounding of Panda afterwards didn't. You can argue that the attempt at gamesolving is townie, but to me, it looked more like scum going after low-hanging fruit.

anyways im dipping to pet some cats and my dog grandson, ciao o/Skrimiche,442,also the reason why i didnt elaborate on the eevee vote was because i wanted to see how he'd react to it & whether or not he'd continue to push pandasAzmimel,443,Are you trying to trick me into actual pm speculating? Either way, it doesn't change my argument. I found him suspicious because he volunteered the information, not because he claimed machine forgot to give him his alignment.

Oh, so you're not as confident as you seem. 
you're right, it probably wasn't meant to be taken seriously. However, that's how I took it at the time, and since I want to defend myself I am attempting to explain my thought process. 
My conclusion wasn’t that he had a post modifier, my conclusion was that something else was going on here. Post modifier was just an example of something else that could’ve been going on. 
HunterC98,444,where was this mindset back when i horsed around with bold talk and ended up getting myself lynched on just talking around?Grones,445,We be halfway to nightfall, best we line up some choice ruffians to walk the plank! 

I wanna see 
Mito
SkrimGrones,446,Gikkle 


Send them all to the plank!Vizier,447,What flavor stinky? Skunk, onion, rotten food?CjBeats,448,
What happened to me oh cap’n my cap’n? doth thou not know your own heart? What a spicy lad you are oh cap’n-Chan to change up so quickly! 

Mistress Skrimiche-kun, I saw thine post about my stinkiness, but alas I do not understand what pinged you about those? Will you enlighten my darling heart?

And to my dearest jelly, I have seen your point! Oh what a wonderful mind you possess!CjBeats,449,MY LOVELY ARRA OH TO SEE THINE FACE FILLS MY HEART WITH SUCH JOY!!

Tell me, my dearest Arra, doth thou have any thoughts?Scythe,450,"Shall I compare thee to a summer day?"
"You're both hot."Vizier,451,
Nothing really rattles around in this dead head of mine, but I figure I can dig something up to support an idea I have.CjBeats,452,Oh superb! I shall await your return with bated breath!Vizier,453,There's. Not a cupid/lovers role in this setup. Right?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,454,Days I wish I had a vig shotVizier,455,



Edit: Posted meme twice.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,456,You are exceptionally wishy-washy.

[Vote]CJ[/Vote]CjBeats,457,You no longer need one, for this comment is already a knife to the heart! Oh what a cruel, black, wicked, twisted, nasty heart you must possess to say such rudeness to one such as me!CjBeats,458,A man merely knows when to change his mind when faced with arguments that make sense! My mind is not fixed, it is open to one’s voices!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,459,Mmmmmhmmm
You're really wishy washy, not changing your mind with good arguments. It's more that anytime anyone puts any push back on your opinions, you drop back. You've done it like 4 times.Vizier,460,

TheHorla,461,I explicitly stated earlier that my scumread of skrim was pretty weak, so my "confidence" is really just a strawman.
No, you're getting paranoid. You assumed that pandas posting "I don't have an alignment" makes him scummy or a jester - what logically follows is that you assumed he was lying about not having an alignment. If you thought he was telling the truth, his statement is obviously NAI, since he made it before he had an alignment!TheHorla,462,There is literally figuratively nothing to use to form a mito read right now.TheHorla,463,Final thought: Grones is funny as heck, but most of his posts substantively add up to "I want to lynch mito and skrim" or "Thoughts?"Grones,464,A used car for your thots?Grones,465,Lies and deception, mutiny! He be a conspirator, I quoted the ruffian.Mitochondria,466,Pi, do you have an argument against me which doesn’t boil down to “oh he TRs me which means he’s scum trying to pocket me”? I’d hope yes if I’m one of your top lynch targets today Red_Pandas,467,I ran out of reactions, expect no communication from me for exactly 24 hoursMitochondria,468,Maybe this post? Idk, I guess I’m biased but I genuinely fail to see how any of this is scummy. First quote was RVS, second was genuine curiosity and trying to spark discussion, third was my read at the time and an attempt to get some non-RVS discussion going. Fourth is setup spec and thus bad, but ehRed_Pandas,469,the rule hasn't changed at all
probably..
we don't know for sureRed_Pandas,470,yeah tbh no ai in thereGrones,471,Yarrr! I be quoting yer crimes! Ye set us off-course with yer insinuation that post mods be alignment indicative/one o'them be scum! Subtle, but powerful derailing! Typical mutineering!MrEevee7,472,Why mito?
This does seem like a bit of an overreaction thoughRed_Pandas,473,trying to find out why you're scum read is not overreactingGrones,474,Arghh! I be explainin meself o'er and o'er!Grones,475,Jelly be sailing under our radar, methinks.Grones,476,[vote] Gikkle [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,477,
"Slipping under radar"
votes gikkle.

also smh at not reading any of my arguments with CJRed_Pandas,478,I really don't get the thread title tbhGrones,479,With respect, ye olde cap'n closes his eyes and scrolls past e'ery word Cj posts10000 Jelly Doughnuts,480,Oh okay, understandable why you missed it and scum read me. Have a nice day.Grones,481,SR ye? Ne'er said that! Don't ye be puttin words in me mouth like some kind o' freshwater tv show hostMrEevee7,482,No, it's not. But he could have awaited groness response instead of writing an essay. I just found it a bit odd is all.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,483,But you do so...Grones,484,Should I? 


Arghhh!Grones,485,But that were me reasoning! He be askin for me reasoning, and found it! This be a weird position to take, Eevee. I'll have ye swabbing decks for a week for this!Skrimiche,486,good news: the cats like me
bad news: im allergic to catsSkrimiche,487,onions are divine you take that back

sure, gimme a min

ahaha yeah ive never done that as town myself ahahaha
ahaha
aha10000 Jelly Doughnuts,488,Yes. Go on!MrEevee7,489,Well since he clearly wasn't satisfied with the reasoning id expect him to not say anything about it then attack you if thats all you said it was in case there were more reasoningGrones,490,So ye admit to being a scalleywag?!Grones,491,Why would he say nothing? Is he a mute? A dumb landlubber? No, he be a tricksy siren, speech be his gift.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,492,Yes

(I shouldn't have to do the joke here but I will)MrEevee7,493,So that he makes sure he doesn't attack you needlessly..? It's what i would do at leastGrones,494,Why would he be wary o'attacking me "needlessly"? He be scared o' me?Grones,495,This be no laughing matter!Skrimiche,496,On second thought, I agree with Cj on this? Whoops. Not sure why I thought it felt wrong. Might've been the "subjective" bit triggering a primal response in me.

The only thing he questioned from that list (Azmimel scumreading me/Gikkle + townreading Hunter/Panda/Cj) was the scumread on me, which is strange. I'm not sure why he would pick to exclusively focus on me there.

(Context: Grones offers me & Gikkle as lynch candidates, then votes Gikkle, then 2 posts after voting Gikkle tells Cj to stop discussing role PMs because it's derailing the thread*, then 2 posts after that votes Cj.
*@Grones did I get that right? Just wanna make sure I'm understanding the pirate lingo. :3)

I was going to say: "Cj shouldn't be calling out others for being wishy-washy when he's been doing it himself", but when I looked back at the actual posts I had in mind from him, I actually think the progression might be natural? He basically went through the same "Panda scumslipped" --> "Panda/Machine just goofed up" thought process as me, although he stayed at Stage #1 of that longer than I did.


Spoiler: Cj posts












@Gikkle what do you make of this^? My confidence is shattered and my night is ruined. :<Skrimiche,497,@ the cj debacle: im gonna sleep on it
and by sleep on it i mean im gonna forget about it until i remember that im playing in this game tomorrow and check the thread
o/Grones,498,Man, I have no idea, I, myself, lose half the meaning while typing up these posts

ARrghh I mean, ye be right on the trrrrreasure lass!HunterC98,499,isee that we have made a lovely circle of conversation....right where we started 'n such...10000 Jelly Doughnuts,500,You missed how he said I was scummy and then I gave a single response and he decided that was okay.

Hmmm. I don’t have an opinion on mark right now and that concerns me.Red_Pandas,501,very relatableTheHorla,502,I don't actually believe this, fyiTheHorla,503,Day 1 Votecount:
(2) nolynch: Gikkle, HunterC98
(2) cjbeats: 10000 Jelly Doughnuts, Red_Pandas
(2) gikkle: Azmimel, Grones
(1) mreevee7: Skrimiche
(1) chucklenuts: DAREALMoneyMan
(1) mitochondria: Mitochondria
(1) thehorla: Vizier
(3) Not voting: TheHorla, MrEevee7, CjBeats

You can view this votecount and all previous votecounts in the #votecounts channel in Discord.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,504,You can not believe it. I am saying this because as of this moment, it's true.

I'll go through your posts and see what I think after that.MrEevee7,505,[vote] gikkle [/vote]
@GikkleGrones,506,Argh! Well I don't be believing yer disbelief!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,507,

Spoiler: Mark's posts






PREGAME ^
---






























I think these are all of mark's post, did it by hand though so possible I missed one. Going to do a little step by step and assign arbitrary points to each post. These points add up to a fake final score that is entirely real and will determine my read.

Which will come in the next post so I can actually click on the quotes and read them as I'm drafting my response.
---

EDIT: hopefully fixed spoilers
EDIT 2: hopefully fixed spoilers?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,508,The first quarter of the day was rather weak until Mark enters in with his Pandas post, providing evidence to a joke gone awry. Nothing about the post is outstanding towny or scummy wise, although at the time it may have looked as a controversial opinion because of how everyone seemed to be whipped up into a frenzy about Pandas 'scum slip'
+1 Town Points

Asks about Pi pressuring eevee, which is incredibly NAI.

Goes back on his eevee read and admits it's impulsive, agreeing with mito. This I think marks the real end of the Eevee Pandas debate, although people would later also enforce their opinions on it.+1 Town points for admitting fault.

Dislikes a no-lynch, especially honing in on Azimel when at the time there were 4 people actually on the no-lynch train, asking none of them! I'm hesitant to call it tunneling, because it's not quite as aggressive as that, but in a couple posts down still thinks scum team could consist of Azimel, focusing on several things like Azimel considering Pandas to be jester. However, in the thread there were a fair amount of people considering jester as an option, why did Mark latch onto Azimel's posts about that and call it scummy? I feel as if there is some minor tunneling or busing here. +1 Scum points.

(Although looking at skrim's posts, they are rather weak in general, not providing reasoning until after someone calls her out on it bugs me as disinterested at the least and scummy at the most. Either way, NOT GOOD)

Mark continues to attack Azimel for things that other people did as well. +1 scum points. (Half the game was PM/setup speculating. Off the top of my head, Skrim and I did.)

Azimel sets up strawman; the argument continues. I'm now more leaning towards T/S or even T/T. I doubt S/S would use such terrible pushes to bus, and both Azimel and Mark would be fairly coordinated and careful on a bus if this were the case.

Final post is IIoA, heistant to assign scum or town intent to it, but I would argue that seems fairly out of character for him.

Final Score: 2 town points, 2 scum. An Azimel flip would be extremely helpful for resolving Mark; I think. If Az flips scum, Mark's a god-tier townie, because I don't see bussing in this scenario. If Az flips town, I'd hit mark with an investigative or a lynch.

Anyway, my thoughts on Mark. Minor ones on other people that have slipped under my radar.

---
Vizier (Arra): The vibes he gives off seem like someone rusty at mafia, not new. He has played in a couple minis here, but not ones that would justify his knowledge and apparent paranoia about lovers/cupid. I am extremely hesitant to say 'coaching' because that A: make me look like a jerk, and B: has bitten me on the butt of course. It's possible he researched and gained knowledge, and I think that my initial paranoia of 'COACHING?!!?!1!' is unfounded. Slight TR.

Hunter: TR. I have no idea how much Hunter has played before, but I'll assume he's new. He seems townie overwhelmed with learning the game. I think scum would provide more guidance in scum chat if he had rolled wolf. Of course, if Hunter does flip wolf, I think we can assume that wolves are inactive. 

Pi: Pi's town. I just feel it. Gut reasoning is of course bad, but he's acting like he does as town. 

Eevee: I think Eevee is a slight town lean for me, his confusion earlier with Pandas feels genuine. Also I don't think scum eevee naked votes like town does.HunterC98,509,If its anything worth mentioning, I was also aware of a Lovers style of role by Youtube....so that is a full possibilities.Gikkle,510,I'm not sure why you're tagging me specifically when I haven't really interacted with Cj but whatever

Also not sure if you are asking what I think of what you're saying about him or Cj in general

Your analysis is weird
One of your posts is like, why not just ask him why he picked the SR on you out of the others to question. Why make this statement without first asking Cj? Unless you did and I missed it...

I'm not too sure what the point of this analysis is if your conclusion is just "he might be town". Did you have some kind of big SR on him or something and this was supposed to be what made you turn around on that? I don't quite understand why you'd do an analysis on someone and just come up with "his progression MIGHT be natural", unless you strongly SRed them, but I don't see a reason why you would this early. 

Is this supposed to be some kind of test? I genuinely don't understand why you would make this post and not come up with a better conclusion than this.

My opinion on Cj? Idk, I haven't bothered trying to read him. Only people I've formed reads on are Mark(TR), Mito(LTR), Pandas(TR), and Eevee(LSR). Maybe someone else I've forgotten about, idk.Gikkle,511,How come you can't delete post drafts anymore :/Skrimiche,512,i did? p sure i only did it for like 2 posts before realizing it was a dead end

what other info would an azmimel flip give?

because i love you

i
...
hey @CjBeats why did you pick out the SR on me out of the others to question

i thought i had a (lightish?) scumread on him but then i lost confidence in it when i went to look at the posts that pinged me

gosh gikkle dont make me spell it out
it's 'cause im baaad ( ༎ຶ ۝ ༎ຶ )Red_Pandas,513,feeling good, might make 1 singular readGikkle,514,w.shoot Skrimiche
Mmm
Alright
What's your current read on Cj now then? Null? Light TR?
Sorry Red_Pandas,515,what do this meanGikkle,516,Information instead of analysisRed_Pandas,517,well I managed to read an entire ISO without forming any opinions at all
10000 Jelly Doughnuts,518,Information on Pandas. If Azimel flips scum, I'd say its safe to assume Pandas isn't scum.
That happens sometimes :/Skrimiche,519,if 1 is town and 10 is scum, then he's at about a 6Grones,520,Who ye ruffians be lynching?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,521,I'd be fine with a CJ or Azimel lynch for reasons stated somewhere in the thread.

Or you for the memes.HunterC98,522,about 6 hours till the notalynch happens, if someone is intent on going in the gallows, time is a running out..Gikkle,523,I think I'm top wagon rn
idek whyTheHorla,524,Why does gikkle have votes lolHunterC98,525,Oh? Welp, guess the gallows will be claiming a soul.....less folks wise up.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,526,Agreed, looks like some of them are for no reason lolRed_Pandas,527,[unvote][/unvote]TheHorla,528,Really don't understand the case against gikkle (literally none of his posts have registered with me.) Reading back, but until then [vote]No lynch[/vote]HunterC98,529,all i have on Gikkle so far is some very brazen remarks that honestly read as trying to bluff about an assigned role, and as much as i actually wanna vote for him..it just doesnt seem worth lynching in my eyes..Skrimiche,530,not me? ;O

also what
people are voting gikkle?HunterC98,531,A handful are, but right now looks like No lynch is winning.Grones,532,Yarrr! no lynching be a funny!

[vote] no lynch [/vote]TheHorla,533,You going to explain why you were originally on the gikkle wagon and are now switching off?TheHorla,534,Day 1 Votecount:
(4) nolynch: Gikkle, Grones, TheHorla, HunterC98
(1) cjbeats: 10000 Jelly Doughnuts
(2) gikkle: Azmimel, MrEevee7
(1) mreevee7: Skrimiche
(1) chucklenuts: DAREALMoneyMan
(1) mitochondria: Mitochondria
(1) thehorla: Vizier
(2) Not voting: Red_Pandas, CjBeats
The next votecount will be processed in 0.5 hours. You can view this votecount and all previous votecounts in the #votecounts channel in Discord.Grones,535,Methinks he be conspirators along the vile Skrimiche. Their RVS be more rotton than a landlubber's body left at sea.Grones,536,I be opposed to sendin ol' sailor Azimel down ye plankGrones,537,Both o' these 'ere sailors be experienced voyagers. They be from Port Chucklefish. 

Methinks yer Arra read be mighty suspiciousitious, on me grandmother's warts! Ye say ye be disregardin yer paranoia and yer seasickness, an' then ye reckon 'im a loyal sailor. If ye aint factorin in no coaching, none o'that, then what have ye to base yer read o'him? Ye mention but nothin else!TheHorla,538,Expand on this please?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,539,Why?
Yea but if someone starts playing mafia again after a break, it takes them a bit to get in the groove of things.
Also arra’s posted like 15 times, most of them being memes, calm a bit down in asking for a surefire read. I saw one post that was weird and then discounted it when I was being unreasonable.MrEevee7,540,[unvote] [/unvote]MrEevee7,541,Why are we no lynching..?Grones,542,Then why ye be readin 'im as a loyal sailor, instead o' null?Grones,543,erybody be voting Skrimiche off the plank early, an' Gikkle be mighty strange when he be doing it.


These posts be soundin' the bells o' enemy fire, methinks.

Voyagin on, he be letting out mysterious words

An' with no explanation o'er th'horizon

He be a dangerous pirate, methinksAzmimel,544,Reading up right now. One of us should be on for EoD.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,545,I said slight town read. Like so slight it nearly doesn’t matter.Grones,546,Hmmmmmm
Arrrrrrr ye suuurrrre 'bout that? Ye clearrrrly considered it important enough t'include in yer listAzmimel,547,[unvote][/unvote]

I didn't vote at all yesterday, so I'm almost certain that the Gikkle vote is from RVS.



I logged on a couple of minutes after he posted claiming mafia. I think the above is my first post of the day.I guessed this was a ploy by him to get voted, and that sharing the information about his PM was another way to make himself suspicious. It didn't matter to my argument that was he said was the truth or not, what mattered is that he decided to share it with us.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,548,I literally said above it: people who have been slipping under my radar. Smh illiterate pirate.Grones,549,Hmrrrrrr
Arghhhh
I be keepin me good eye on ye, tricksy sea dogRorschach,550,Guys remember to submit your flavors for game B, EOD is coming up and so is the deadline for that. Please submit it in your game B folder excel if possible, that automates things and makes the turnaround a lot quicker.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,551,Oh. Yea I should do that.DAREALMoneyMan,552,Just read and up and things. Not going to bother to give reads on people I didn't pay attention to. Even though I have done it in the past, I am disappointed people aren't following up on stuff they think is scummy just because jester is possible in this game. You guys are better than me!

Azmimel thingy



Spoiler: Full ISO




























































Spoiler: Notable Posts




Reported for bad takes. You are trying to rationalize his scummy behavior via "oh maybe post modifier!" 
I'd like to mention that I didn't find what Panda said about his pm not including his faction was scummy! If it was true, I feel like the other scum mates would notice, given the team follows the typical 1:4 ratio, they were missing someone. Back on topic, if you say he was being so scummy (even if obvious), why are you attempting to find an excuse for him (oh, he is probably Jester, or has a post modifier). Just because it is possible in the game does not mean you value it over dayplay. ALSO, a post modifier making you act scummy is stupid and I don't see Machine adding it. You could then chalk off all scummy behaviors to the modifier.
Because it was a joke? He was making light of the situtation?
Take note for later (referring to Panda).
It is always RVS for Panda (but I agree we shouldn't pass things off just because they say "oH it was RVS!"). You say here that you don't think he is towny, and referring to above post you said he was either village idiot or neutral. Thus, you think he is neutral in your own words. If you really thought he was neutral, why aren't you trying to see what type of neutral he is or voting him!
Town points here.

I have done this along with many other people in many other games. It is an obvious joke I:
NAI!! I don't think admitting that you made a boo boo is alignment indicative.
Refer to the post above x2
Well I don't think he really needed to say it was a joke considering it was obvious.
Too lazy to see what you are responding to here :/
Already said why this is stupid!



[vote]Azmimel[/vote]

I am also suspicious of Cj and Panda but I have other things to do. Like Bike. And Eat. And SleepDAREALMoneyMan,553,Also Mark you should give me the ISO bot!TheHorla,554,I am too tired to keep arguing here but this is another strawman. I am saying that if panda did not know his alignment, then him posting "I don't have an alignment" is obviously NAI. If you think he is lying for some reason, that is a different argument (and closer to the one you made.) When reading pandas, it matters what you thought his PM read; that is why I said you were speculating about his PM.Rorschach,555,Ryast has the ISO bot, not Mark.TheHorla,556,Ryast posted a link in #announcementsSkrimiche,557,why me owo
your post elaborating on this only had gikkle quotes

do you think azmimel & pandas are on the same scumteam or different scum alignmentsGrones,558,Gikkle be voting ye, then he be opposed t'me voting ye. It be worrying, like an ill tide.MrEevee7,559,Is there a reason were no lynching..?HunterC98,560,cause most everyone who was willing to lynch has either no voted or unvoted.Grones,561,Nightfall be in 10 minutesGrones,562,Arrrr! I be wrrrrrong! 50 minutes!Red_Pandas,563,[vote] no-lynch [/vote]
why notGrones,564,[vote] panda [/vote] 
I be a wacky pirateSkrimiche,565,bruh you made me panicHunterC98,566,I made myself panic..i thought i missed it.Skrimiche,567,[vote]no-lynch[/vote]Mitochondria,568,Refuse to vote for a D1 no lynch on principle so uh

[vote] Skrim [/vote]Mitochondria,569,Actually nah, I think Skrim's fine

[vote] Gikkle [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,570,Why Gikkle?Gikkle,571,i'm a good boi
I just like human flesh, nothing wrong with thatMitochondria,572,Bad gut feel, didn't do much of anything today, no other targets I feel strongly about right now.Mitochondria,573,Actually that's a lie, my pet theory is that Pi's scum but y'all ain't ready for that discussion yetDAREALMoneyMan,574,SameDAREALMoneyMan,575,Wait- why are we no lynching? Meh.Grones,576,I'lla turn'a you into'a pasta lasagna mama miaHunterC98,577,captain....who is this italian dude?TheHorla,578,Oh I'm ready for that discussion!


Re: today's lynch, fine with no lynch since the gikkle wagon is really weak and I'm not confident in anyone else (even azmimel) to eliminate.Rorschach,579,Esther is wheeled into the large room by a rather tall butler fellow, his tailcoats hovering so as not to touch the floor, and he carefully unfolds a little table and places it in the center of the room.

"You really chose not to lynch anyone?" Esther says distastefully, her eyes narrowing, eyelids you never knew were there stretching to do so. "You are all fools. You have one minute to kill someone. Or else." She says, as the butler places a large shotgun on the table. 

The first player to reply to this post with [SHOOT] @Player [/SHOOT] will take the gun and kill the player they tag.Grones,580,Who arrrrrre ye an' what ye done to th'real MarkTheHorla,581,Ever since gikkle and I got stats on our D1 lynch record, I've come around pretty hard in favour of D1 no-lynching when we have zero clue what to do. We used to NL all the time (and had a decent track record back then) - we should revive the practice!Grones,582,ARGHHH NOBODY TAKE TH'GUNGrones,583,IF ANY O' YE USE TH'GUN I BE HUNTIN' FOR YE TILL THE END O' ME DAYSRorschach,584,"Well? I'm waiting. If you do not do it, I will kill three of you where you stand." Esther says tersely.Gikkle,585,[SHOOT]@Rorschach[/SHOOT]TheHorla,586,Yeah, anyone who uses this gun without discussion gets lynched today.Grones,587,AAAAAAAAAADAREALMoneyMan,588,Can we kill Azmel Grones,589,AAAAAAAAAARRRDAREALMoneyMan,590,WE NEED TO CHOOSE SOMEONE OR 3 MORE DIE - I DON'T WANT TO DIEETheHorla,591,Everyone, relax. 

If machine wants us to lynch someone, then we'll do it. Do not shoot.Gikkle,592,kinda wanna shoot skrim... Not for any good reason, I've just always wanted to do it in a proper mafia game instead of a wolfia game...DAREALMoneyMan,593,but what if I shot scum :>Rorschach,594,There is no Rorschach in the game.Grones,595,How about I shoot ye, ye scalleywagGikkle,596,what happens if I shoot myselfDAREALMoneyMan,597,guys there is 1 minute until eod so we dont have time to change the wagon from no lynchGrones,598,RIP 3 people arrrrrghDAREALMoneyMan,599,I rather that then 3 random people dyingGikkle,600,[SHOOT]@Gikkle[/SHOOT]

LETS GOOORorschach,601,You lose the game if you shoot yourself.

EOD was 15 minute ago. Welcome to twilight.Grones,602,NOOOOOOOO ARGHHHGikkle,603,Great!Rorschach,604,Action not submitted properly.Grones,605,[shoot]@Mitochondria[/shoot]
GIKKLE WHY ARGHHHDAREALMoneyMan,606,WHY10000 Jelly Doughnuts,607,oh shoot, no pun intended.Gikkle,608,[SHOOT] @Gikkle [/SHOOT]DAREALMoneyMan,609,watch as mito is scum though lmaoGrones,610,I BE SO CONFUSED HELP MEEEEEGrones,611,NO 
ARGHHH STOP WHYYYYGikkle,612,You didn't do it correctly either, you fool!

SEE Y'ALL IN THE AFTERLIFE

IT'S BETTER THAN SLOWLY WALKING FOR ETERNITY TOWARDS MY ROOMDAREALMoneyMan,613,why has my post count in twilight been triple than that of dayGrones,614,[SHOOT] @Mitochondria [/SHOOT]

Arghhh! TAKE MINE NOT GIKKLE I BE THE CAP'NTheHorla,615,...Grones,616,MITO BE SCUM YARR HARR HARRGrones,617,Arghhh I be blamin' Gikkle 
He be an agent o' chaos, a bombardier10000 Jelly Doughnuts,618,What the heck was that?1Grones,619,GIKKLE BE TOWN IF HE BE SHOOTIN' 'IMSELF 

I BE SAVIN A LOYAL SAILOR ABOARD THIS VESSEL10000 Jelly Doughnuts,620,I meant with mito, but honestly thanks for the explanation for town gikkle too?TheHorla,621,gikkle is town right lol

like

there's no wayRorschach,622,
Gikkle and Grones rush for the gun, however, Grones is just a bit faster, pulling the gun out and aiming it at @Mitochondria.

The gun explodes in his face, and @Grones topples to the ground.






"That's better." Esther says. "Perhaps this will teach the rest of you to be more decisive." She says, gesturing as the butler wheels her out of the room, picking up the gun from the corpse of Grones as they pass.

Day 1 has ended.Gikkle,623,I have a thick shell skull, I can take it!Grones,624,If Gikkle be shootin' 'imself, he be violatin' the CODE! He be breakin 'is wincon, so the 'eavens be strikin 'im down in MODKILL

but he be shootin' 'imself

a negative times a negative be a positive YARRRRR 

HE LIVES!
@Rorschach LET 'IM LIVEGikkle,625,c'mon man!TheHorla,626,jfcGrones,627,????
GIKKLE BE FIRST YARRRRAzmimel,628,EXCUSE ME 

wtfGrones,629,@Rorschach Gikkle actually shot and formatted correctly before me, though.Gikkle,630,I am canonically the slowest person in this game. I will probably not make it to my room until September/October.DAREALMoneyMan,631,no role flip?Gikkle,632,^ this

I shot myself fair and square! Let it happen!Grones,633,day is over no more discussion!!!!Rorschach,634,Night has started. No further game discussion is allowed. I did not make any errors.Rorschach,635,Forgot to add the song to the Start of Night Post.
Updated.Grones,636,@Rorschach title btwRorschach,637,As you all begin to enter the main dining area for breakfast, you recognize an old, surprisingly not dead face. @Grones was fortunate, and the gunshot blast was not fatal. On the other hand... @MrEevee7 will not be joining you. Not only are both of his left legs missing, but he is in fact, dead. The poor centaur.

The stench of death is strong. There's a raven sitting on the tables. Dead. A nametag on it indicates that its name was "Clive."
A note from Esther sits with it. "Don't disappoint me today. Or I will make sure you are disappointed in yourselves."



Spoiler: MrEevee7 Flip



Virgil the Centaur, the Village Lie Detecting Oracular Vigilante



I hope you enjoy your breakfast as the sun rises...

Day will end at 4:30 PM EST on Sunday, August 8th, with a Twilight of 1.5 hours.Skrimiche,638,uh ohhhhRed_Pandas,639,that seems that it would be powerfulGikkle,640,I've totally forgotten basically everything that happened in this game

Who did we suspect again? Mito?Azmine,641,Pi, did anything happen while you were "dead"Azmimel,642,you’re on the wrong accountAzmimel,643,Wow that's crazyHunterC98,644,Oh captain my captain, are you still alive?TheHorla,645,How does Oracular work?Red_Pandas,646,by miracle, probably caused by him being coolRorschach,647,Ask question, receive answer.TheHorla,648,Was the scope of the questions limited in any way?Rorschach,649,
HunterC98,650,Answer it NOBALLSGikkle,651,Isoing myself to jog my memory as to what has happened


Spoiler: my posts












































Gikkle,652,Mark/Pandas/Grones I guess are my TRs for today? Idk I'm going with my past self

I also apparently TRed Mito but idk whyGikkle,653,ISOing Eevee for nk analysis purposes


Spoiler: Eevee ISO






























Gikkle,654,Eevee's main contribution was pushing Pandas
Some shade thrown on Mito at some point too but nothing significantGikkle,655,[VOTE]Pandas[/VOTE]

carrying on my boy eevee's legacy!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,656,The pandas argument isn't really strong at all. I wouldn't think mafia would go and try to frame Pandas by killing eevee when the read was mediocre.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,657,I'm honestly confused about the NK in general. Eevee is usually lynchbait, not a NK. What is mafia doing?Gikkle,658,Doesn't your second sentence support the pandas argument
They aren't gonna be trying to frame him, so the only real reason to kill Eevee is to silence him if pandas is scumGikkle,659,In what game was eevee killed n1 because mafia was purposefully doing weird kills
Can anyone remind meMitochondria,660,I'm gonna be honest, I forgot everything that was happening in this game

Big wtf to Pi for trying to kill me when I wasn't on at the very end of the last day phase, not a fan of that play at all. Personal feelings about getting merc'd aside, it was super impulsive and, imo, big scum energy to make a move like that.Grones,661,I lived *****Grones,662,Yarrr ye be scumGrones,663,No yarrrrrGrones,664,It was be to save Gikkle and 3 townies yarrrr

Ye be scumAzmimel,665,Any thoughts beyond thatGrones,666,The mutineers be cowards n killed a sailor who ne'er voted a soul. We be hardp'essed t'read this 'ere kill.Grones,667,He be scum
I be a soulreadin cap'nTheHorla,668,I am backAzmimel,669,I mean you soulread jelly last game so I'm almost inclined to believe you.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,670,Ah. Yea. Whoops. Sorry. Yea. That's what I mean.Rorschach,671,Hi back, I'm dad.Red_Pandas,672,Ngl I would probably be the mafia member that would be the most sacrifice-able
I don't think mafia would want to keep ,me alone so much they kill eevee just for having a slight scum read on me
if I had a powerful role maybe
but I dont think that would be the entire reason the kill happenedAzmimel,673,This post reeks of town idkGrones,674,Mafia most likely be lookin at votes
Eevee be a no-voter
they be killin 'imTheHorla,675,Sorry just quoting this post as a test10000 Jelly Doughnuts,676,What do you mean?Azmimel,677,Why would they want to kill a novoter?Grones,678,Mafia be wishin' t'lay low. They be murderin' sailors who 'ave no strong reads. Eevee ended day on no vote, yarrr!Grones,679,This be no hypothetical. Look'er at the vote counts, ye scalleywag. Eevee be never votin.Azmimel,680,Yes, but what's your pointCjBeats,681,Did not most of the lads and ladies within this establishment either not vote or vote for a no-lynch? I do not think voting is the right way to look at this.Grones,682,-_-
Ye be intentionally obtuse, yarrrrAzmimel,683,Probably, it's kinda lateGrones,684,The laws o' this ship, the Game C, be dictatin' that any sailor that be killed, be a loser. If ye wish to win this 'ere voyage, ye live. The wincons be different, and we be no-lynchin'.Red_Pandas,685,why?Red_Pandas,686,I didn't post yesterday when I first read stuff but Gikkle's vote on me purely off of continuing Eevee's legacy
it just doesn't seem like something a town would actually doRed_Pandas,687,I like azmimels posts tbhRed_Pandas,688,It feels like Eevee was pretty controversial yesterday and slightly scum read so I'm confused on why scum decided to kill EeveeRed_Pandas,689,sorry for the quintuple post O_O

I kiiiind of don't like Skrim's posts, but not enough to feel like it deserves a scumread
I think I need some others thoughts for this read
what do y'all think of Skrim?Grones,690,Ye be right, we be sendin her off the plank10000 Jelly Doughnuts,691,What’s up with Skrim?Grones,692,/shrug
YarrCjBeats,693,/shrug?Red_Pandas,694,I was thinking something a bit more specific but I guess that worksGrones,695,I be messin' with Pandas
He may be a mutineer, methinks 
"Skrimiche should die maybe? Thoughts?" 
Be the mutineer words.Red_Pandas,696,that is an extreme misinterpretation of my words, captain.Grones,697,A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P 
a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p 


yarr!Grones,698,YarrrRed_Pandas,699,yeah but then that makes it confusing to quoteGikkle,700,who da heck tripped over me last nightGikkle,701,@Red_Pandas what are your reads?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,702,Was that you lol?CjBeats,703,What doth thou mean trip?Skrimiche,704,you forgot why you scumread me, didnt youGikkle,705,was it you, Jelly?!! Very rude!CjBeats,706,Pwease Gikkle wikkle, expwain to wittle ole me.Gikkle,707,someone tripped over me CjBeats,708,I do not understand.Gikkle,709,you don't need to.CjBeats,710,HmmGrones,711,Yarrrr, I be questionin' the importance o' this voyage 

I propose a nolynch again! Yarrr!
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Gikkle,712,can't believe mafia chose eevee to lose first
they must hate eevee personally, since he wasn't even that big of a voice
wow mafia, so rude10000 Jelly Doughnuts,713,Look, I didn't mean to.Gikkle,714,I also got a pillow last night, thanks to whoever gave that to me. much comfy.Red_Pandas,715,any apparent consequences or effects?
Almost no reads tbh, but so far Pi TR and Azmimel slight tr
Pi we have to get flip info at SOME point
Agreed
any effects?Azmimel,716,Not a single sr?Red_Pandas,717,Nope, not one!Red_Pandas,718,Money has barely posted and the only post he seemed to put effort into is just weak arguments against already weak-ish points
it's not like bad-bad so I'm not sure if it is enough to make me feel like a possible S!Money or not
but it is thereRed_Pandas,719,this isn't responding to Azmimel's question, this is cause I JUST looked at Money's postsGikkle,720,who we killinTheHorla,721,[vote]Grones[/vote]

Still very loopy right now, but my reasoning right now is something like this:
- voting no lynch on D1 is an actually sound idea, but voting no lynch on D2 is bad
- him picking up the gun and shooting mito was actually really scummy
- gonna say that still being alive after being blown up is kinda scummy, despite his (feigned?) surprise todayTheHorla,722,The flip side of this argument, though, is that shooting another player is a better play than shooting yourself. Obviously what gikkle did was super townie, but he had a 100% chance of killing town; from town-pi's perspective, he had a 1/4 chance of hitting scum, which is better odds than gikkle's play.

The other tinfoil theory is that gikkle is scum, knew the thing was harmless, and shot himself for town points, but that strikes me as super unlikely.

Still overall, decent scumread on grones for now; I'll keep my vote here for now.Red_Pandas,723,I have no ideaRed_Pandas,724,The forced killing at EoD had almost no hints beforehand possibly revealing it, Mafia would almost never know whether it was real/fake unless Esther (or whoever the person was, I think thats who) is working with the mafia.
I feel like Gikkle self-shot would be extremely risky of a play from scum so that makes me feel like it was a town move.
I would have to check back but if Pi had an SR on Mito it can make sense from a town PoV
however from what I remember, and saw from reading back for reads, Mito wasn't his strongest SR at least from appearance, as compared to people like Skrim and Gikkle (iirc)

Decent point though overall, I didn't do much speculating on pi's shots so this could be a very possible thing
This also makes sense
also I keep forgetting that pi got blown up by itharass,725,never knew a new mafia game was going on
/backupTheHorla,726,I mean, I don't want to speculate too much since there's just a chance the thing was harmless for anyone. But it's a big ??? why he's still here

I also have some thoughts about his actual reads but I really need sleep, I'll post them asap tomorrow; hopefully we can get decent discussion in the last 12ish hours or so and get a decent lynchTheHorla,727,Oh yeah I forgot lol

Grones is voting no lynch even after what happened yesterday

Machine sent a clear message that no lynches -> bad, and grones is basically going "yeah let's touch that hot poker again yarrrr"Grones,728,I be forgivin Mark's votes o' me since he be dyin' and recoverin', from his landlubber vaccine.Grones,729,Also, Mito be scum.CjBeats,730,Then why not vote him instead of a no lynch?Red_Pandas,731,[VOTE] Grones [/VOTE] igGrones,732,Pandas and Mito be scum, methinks

Panda be a timid scum, he be saying this





He never be taking strong stances aboard his vessel. He be test th'waters, lookin' through a glass t'see if fellow mutineers be with 'im. 

Mito/Panda/Someone else 
Mutineerers! 

[vote] Panda [/vote]Red_Pandas,733,I never have strong stances on anything in mafia
this isnt a new thingGrones,734,Maybe so, but ye be testin' th'water to mislynch POOR SKRIMICHE YARRRRRRed_Pandas,735,"I kiiiind of don't like Skrim's posts, but not enough to feel like it deserves a scumread"
as in
"I don't have a Skrim SR because their posts aren't quite bad enough"
also don't you have a Skrim SR?Grones,736,No, I be spurrin ye on t'see what ye do
I be naked votin Skrimiche, and ye went "ok cool". That be tellin' me ye perfectly good with her bein' thrown o'erboard. If ye didn't SR her, why ye be sayin:
Hmmm? 
Yerrrrrr a scum one! Mr Grinch!Red_Pandas,737,I was trying to say "maybe elaborate on why"
worded in a passive-aggressive kind of wayGikkle,738,Why are y'all voting Grones10000 Jelly Doughnuts,739,Money's busy rn.

Pandas reads are a bit sheepish imo, I could see a scum pandas. Placeholder vote, so I don’t get punished if I didn’t vote.

Sorry, busy today. Might be on before EOD but I don’t see it. 

[Vote]Pandas[/Vote]TheHorla,740,I actually agree on the pandas read but why is Mito scum lolGrones,741,Gut and this post
YarrrrTheHorla,742,I'm a bit more sane now fyi

It's kinda suspicious that jelly is parroting pi's vote JUST as I vote grones, which I did not expect

So I see sorta two possible scum teams: pandas/azmine or jelly/piTheHorla,743,That post is fine? I would scumread you if you shot me. And Mito has barely done anything so no idea how you can have a gut read on them in any direction.Grones,744,One death wasn't enough for these mutineer traitors yarrrGrones,745,T H E G U T 

Y A R RRed_Pandas,746,Mark made some posts about it
who am I sheeping with my votes though?
that post is fine?
gut is not enough hereRed_Pandas,747,with my reads*Red_Pandas,748,im pretty sure all my reads are original except the Pi read which ofc is because of markTheHorla,749,Yeah pandas is wheeling votes iirc, he's just being super underconfidentGikkle,750,Oh wait people only lose the game when they are lynched? Not when nked I guess according to the wording of the ruleTheHorla,751,Should read "isn't sheeping"Gikkle,752,Spring has sprung?Azmimel,753,S-Skrim is scum?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,754,Okay on lunch (not lynch, phone) break. Let me explain my pandas read, because I didn’t even see pi’s post really in depth.

Pandas feels noncommittal in any of his reads, which isn’t AI in itself, but then he asks about Cash. Cash, who is out of the game entirely rn, has been immune to lynches and what not afaik, and tries to get suspicion on him. That’s something pretty hard to miss, and I feel like pandas is trying to make a distraction somehow. Therefore scum.

Pi’s scummy too imo, but I have that weird feeling he could be jester and hope someone would be kind enough to kill him.Azmimel,755,oh we’re doing this again, are we?Azmimel,756,From machine on the discord

"
@Player i am making the executive decision to extend day 24 hours due to some housekeeping issues I need to deal with potentially preventing me from having internet during day end.

Day will now end at 4:45 on Monday, with a twilight of 1.5 hours. 

Game B will start 15 minutes after twilight ends in games A&C.
"Mitochondria,757,[vote] Pi [/vote]

Barring a dramatic new development, my vote's probably not moving. Mark kinda stole my thunder, but here are the main reason's Pi's probably scum:
-Again, the gun play was terrible. I'm biased, yeah, but I've never been in a situation where someone's been killed right at EoD when they can't defend themselves by town. Huge town points for Gikkle for his response; Gikkle, if you're scum then congrats, you pocketted me.

-Voting for someone immediately after Mark called him out for no lynching is a bad look imo. I also think it's odd he went for Pandas instead of me (and the no lynch instead of me yesterday) considering half his posts are about he soulreads me as scum. Why is he shading me (and trying to daykill me lol) instead of getting a wagon going?

-As I said yesterday, Pi's D1 play was blegh. I can go back through the posts and find examples of all these things if anyone really wants, but I remember disliking how much he was/is controlling the thread and discussion (shooting down discussion topics he didn't like, e.g. some CJ/Jelly (?) argument from yesterday, trying to railroad my death at EoD yesterday, etc.). My pet theory is that the pirate modifier's faked so he can seem more entertaining (thus more townie) and get away with having leaps in logic by blaming misinterpretations of his post on the modifier.

Unrelated question but @Gikkle was your human flesh problem resolved last night?Grones,758,Machine be threatenin t'kill 3 people. Gikkle conftown. You? Probably scum. Yarrrr it be the best play aboard the vessel


Gettin' ye lynched be a fool's errand. easier t'get yer fellow mutineer.



Idk what this be meanin' so I be ignorin' it.

I be willin' t'hop off th'plank, but absolutely kill Mito and Panda after I flip Town yarrrr harrrGrones,759,This lynch o'me be very strrrrange. Scum motivated, obviously. Mito and Panda be needin' t'die, ye landlubbers'll see. Yarrrrrr

Last scum (if there) be unknown t'me.Grones,760,NoGrones,761,My role be verrrrrrry scummy so I be not claimin even if I be fixin' t'die. If I die, I die. I won't be winnin even if town be winnin' but I be biased, anywhoo, so do be sendin Mito and Panda off th'boat when I be gone.

Rid me o'this cursed post modifier
[vote] Panda [/vote]Red_Pandas,762,When did I ask about cash
the person I actually asked about was Skrim, Cash is just the one who I have the least of a read on out of the players I've looked at.
I actually have been forgetting that Cash is immune to stuff, but I don't even want to Lynch them so that shouldn't even matter right now
Don't use the extremely slim possibility of a jester to avoid a Lynch on them
If you could explain why he's more scummy then you that would be great
If you think there are 2 scum you know of it shouldn't matter much who you decide to kill
this doesn't make sense from town
What is this
Bad
ScummyRed_Pandas,763,Anyone else find it extremely weird that Gikkle is just now theorizing about this, instead of on day 1?

(also just noticed @Rorschach thread title is incorrect I think)Grones,764,I don't really wanna reply to this bc none of the things you said mean anything
I feel like youre purposefully misunderstanding my posts or just asking questions to appear like you're open to changing your mind, when you really just want a mislynch.

Anyways, imma dip for rest of day because I don't really understand what game C is even for? And with Mark and Mito trying to get me lynched, I'm probably dead anyways, which ofc means I lose the game and idc about town winning if I lose, cuz im a wacky selfish biatch. Anywhoo, kill Panda and Mito afterwards.

Yarrrr!Rorschach,765,When they die.Rorschach,766,Shhhhh nooooo its perfect definitely says Day 2Gikkle,767,The fact you find it weird is weird because I just went back to look at the rules and that's why I'm talking about it lolGikkle,768,I still have a craving for human flesh, but I wouldn't call it a problem.Skrimiche,769,grones town
won't be on for most of today (or this week in general tbh) but let it be known!Skrimiche,770,grones town bc he's not acting like he does as scum (from what i remember, anyways; dont rly use/pay attention to meta personally)Red_Pandas,771,You're dodging everything I said in the post, by saying I'm misunderstanding your posts. (If we're both misunderstanding each other this much that would be bad but I don't see exactly how I'm misunderstanding what you're saying.)
If you really think I'm misunderstanding your posts in a way that's harmful to the town right now, you should be correcting what you said or what I misunderstood about it. If I'm getting everything wrong I really would like to know that.
Also referring to me voting someone I SR as "wanting a mislynch" is very scummy to say imo
I can't even explain how bad this sounds
Hm, must be me then.
I just feel like half-way through D2 is a weird time to be looking back at the rules
This doesn't make sense to meTheHorla,772,Reading upRorschach,1,[No mods this is not a duplicate it makes sense if you play the game. I'm sorry that my initial setup looks like spam. We'll be using all three threads. They're not the same.]






The rain falls steadily, the castle rising up.

The carriage we follow in this wet muck sprays up mud every few yards or so, drenching any passerby more than they were before. The rickety shaft of the undercarriage creaks and groans, before the vehicle eventually comes to a stop, the horses pulling it whinnying in annoyance.

Yet another dark carriage in the line tonight, outside the front gate. Some of their inhabitants were invited and came readily...others...not so much.
Thrown in like sacks of potatoes. Today the thunder does not rush across the landscape. For this is a sad day. This is a day someone dies.

This is Mafia.

Please read the following information carefully. Many rules are not the same, and the setup is atypical from what you are familiar with. Do not sign up until you have read how to sign up.



Spoiler: What is Mafia?



Mafia is all about lies and charisma, or at least synthesized charisma. The game typically follows a cycle of discussion whereupon a player is voted out of the game, followed by a cycle where silence reigns, and players may submit their actions which could include such types of things as protection, killing, or investigation.

The game is normally composed of 2 main factions, an uninformed majority, traditionally referred to as "town" or "village," and an informed minority known as "mafia" or "wolves." The wolves' goal is to equal or outnumber the townies, while the town's goal is to eliminate all wolves.

Sometimes there are additional alignments, such as additional mafia factions, or third party roles which can win with any side, or with nobody else.






Spoiler: The General Rules



These rules do not follow a priority system. They are considered sacred, and will not take precedence over one another. These rules may be pre-empted by more game-specific rules, but unless you are explicitly told otherwise either in an official DM by me, or by a specific rule governing a thread posted by me, these rules are hard and fast.

Obey all rules associated with the forum.
Do not discuss the game outside of this thread or host-approved DMs.
Play towards you or your alignments win condition.
Do not post anything in the thread after you die. Memes are fine, as long as they are not game related in any way.
Do not post game related stuff during the cycle at which actions are traditionally resolved. (This is normally referred to as a "night" phase.)
Do not post anything I send you in a DM in any way. This includes copy-pasting, screenshotting or capturing images in any other way. I will give you explicit permission if you are allowed to share something. Otherwise, assume you are not.
Paraphrasing things is fine.
You may not delete your posts, nor edit the post such that the content of the post's meaning is changed. This means only fix grammatical or spelling mistakes if you are editing your posts.
This game will be run across three threads. You will only need to keep track of 2, and only one of those two will have discussion at a time. (Traditionally referred to as a "day" phase.)
As a moderator, I am not bound to always tell the truth. I will avoid lying where possible, but to keep the integrity of the setup, it may necessitate explicitly lying about certain functionalities until they have been triggered.
Nights will be action phases, while days will be discussion phases.
Alignments in other threads are not indicative of alignments in this thread, and vice-versa.
I will not respond to in thread tags.
I will not answer questions in thread.
I will not read questions in thread.
I will respond to my oldest DMed question first. So if you spitfire, sorry it's just I gotta handle the load in one order or another.
You may not discuss a different game in a different thread. (No discussing Game A in Game B's thread.)
This includes Game A/C Combos. Even if you're not playing in both, you may not discuss the one you're not in in your host thread.

I could lie and say that flavor isn't alignment indicative, but that would be a lie. Flavor could be alignment indicative. Or role indicative. Or both.
Duplicates are possible. Even flavor duplicates.

Vote ties are not necessarily handled the same way cycle to cycle or game to game. If not specified at the start of a cycle, assume that it is whoever was at the higher number of votes the longest.
If Player A has 8 votes and Player B has 7 votes, then someone votes player B, player A is still lynched.
If instead someone unvotes player A, player A is still lynched.

No roles are banned from play. This includes OG Jester which kills everyone when it wins.
The bot is doing vote counts. (Thanks Mark.)
Due to the nature of the setup, hydras are discouraged but not outlawed.
THERE IS NOT DEAD CHAT. 
THERE IS NO SPECTATOR'S CHAT.
YOU DO NOT RECEIVE THE ROLE LIST UPON DEATH. 
YOU MAY NOT DISCUSS THE GAME UPON DEATH.




The following three spoilers will discuss specific rules that are different between the three concurrent games. Signing up for game A or game C will also sign you up for game B.


Spoiler: Rules: Game A



As with the previous rules section, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game A's thread specifically.

The capacity of players in this thread must be at a maximum, one less than the capacity of players in Game C. For preference, this game will have two less players than Game C. It runs most optimally with 9 or more players.
Being lynched in this game means you lose the game. Winners get to live to tell about it. Losers do not.
The game follows a traditional layout of Day Discussion and Night Actions. Cycles will last approximately 48 hours each (Night=48hrs, Day=48hrs), but will be updated at the start of each cycle to clarify as needed.
The order of operations for this game is hidden. As such, you will not receive it if asking.
The "town," or uninformed majority faction will be referred to as the mafia. The informed minority will be referred to under any of the following names: "werewolf," "sleeper agent," "wolf,"or "machine why is this so unnecessarily confusing"






Spoiler: Rules: Game B



As with the previous rules sections, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game B's thread specifically.

The capacity of players in this thread is at a minimum the summation of the number of players in Games A & C.
Atypical of traditional mafia games, the discussion phase will be referred to as "Night" while the action phase will be referred to as "Day." Cycles will last 48 hours each. (Day will be 48 hours, Night will be 48 hours)
This game will start on "Day 1," meaning it will start on an action phase.
No roles will be handed out for this game until the end of Day 1's cycle. Roles will be assigned as follows:
During Day 1, you will choose a player in the game, and a flavor for them. A role will be assigned based upon that flavor.
Flavors should be something you would borrow or rent from a library or archive. This could include any of the following types of items:
Books
Movies
Music
Journalism
Photography
Or others...

You may not choose yourself as the player to receive the flavor.
You may not coordinate to ensure that everyone receives a flavor. Some books are not yet written...
If a player receives multiple flavors, they may experience any of the following:
Be given the option to select one.
Automatically redirect the flavor onto someone else.
Receive all flavors as their flavor.








Spoiler: Rules: Game C



As with the previous rules sections, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game C's thread specifically.

The capacity of players for this thread is at a minimum, one more than those in Game A. It works best, however, with 11 or more players.
If you are lynched in this game, you are considered to have lost. Winners get to eat cake, and the dead do not eat...or do they?
The game follows a traditional layout of Day Discussion and Night Actions. Cycles will last approximately 48 hours each (Night=48hrs, Day=48hrs), but will be updated at the start of each cycle to clarify as needed.
The rules for this game are subject to update. At the start of each day or night, any updates will be shared in that start post.






Spoiler: Links to Games A, B, & C



Game A
Game B
Game C





Spoiler: Important Mod Posts



PreGame: Flavor Announcements
Day 1 Start
Day 1 End
Night 1 Start
Day 2 Start



Game C:


Spoiler: Living Players



@Gikkle
@10000 Jelly Doughnuts
@Azmimel
@Grones
@Skrimiche
@Red_Pandas
@DAREALMoneyMan
@Mitochondria
@TheHorla
@HunterC98
@CjBeats
@Vizier





Spoiler: Dead Players



@MrEevee7 (Night 1)





Spoiler: Backups



@Venusaur
@Illwei





Spoiler: Spectators



Thaum is the only person allowed to spectate.





Spoiler: Previous Games



Game I
Game II - Minecraft Edition
Game III - Minecraft Mobs
Game IV - Blitz Mafia
Game V - Food Mafia
Game VI - Music Mafia
Game VII - Super Smash Bros
Game VIII - Pokemon
Game IX - Terraria Edition
Game X - Mega Walls
Game XI - Video Game Music Mafia
Game XII - Yu-Gi-Oh
Game XIII - Time Travel Mafia
Game XIV - Night of the Living Goo’s
Game XV - The Library
Game XVI - Kits and Classes U-Pick
Game XVII - Star Wars
Game XVIII - Greater Idea Mafia
Game XIX - Comic Book Edition
Game XX - Chaos Rising
Game XXI - Final Fantasy: ExDeath’s Summon
Game XXII - Hypixel Mafia Players Mafia
Game XXIII - Night of the Living Goos: Part 2
Game XXIV - Pokemon Edition
Game XXVI - Murder in the Northlands
Game XXVII - Video Games
Game XXVIII - Desolate
Game XXIX - Amusement Park Mafia
Game XXX - Restaurant Mafia
Game XXXI - Night of the Living Goo’s Part 3
Game XXXII - Mark’s Hydra Hell
Game XXXIII - Alliance Mafia
Game XXXIV - Ancient Rome Mafia
Game XXXV - Space Mafia
Game XXXVI - Summer Vacation
Game XXXVII - Dawn of War (DnD)
Game XXV - Hypixel Mafia Players Mafia 2
Game XXXVIII - Applying to College
Mini-Mafia 3: Logical Fallacies Edition
Game XXXIX - Evolution Mafia
Game XL - Don’t Starve Mafia
Game XLI - Historical Figures U-Pick
Game XLII - The Suffering Game
Game XLIII - Minecraft Mafia
Mini-mafia 4: King Edition
Mini-mafia 5: Chess Edition
Mini-mafia 6: Meme Mafia 1
Game XLIV - Finale
Game XLV - Year Long Mafia
Mini-mafia 7: Ryast’s Mini
Mini-mafia 8: Jojo’s Bizarre Mafia
Mini-mafia 9: Persona 5
Mini-mafia 10: Kirby’s Mafia Adventure
Mini-mafia 11: Meme Mafia 2
Mini-mafia 12: Playing Cards
Mini-mafia 13: Profound Mafia
Game XLVI - DEFCON Mafia
Game XLVII - A Forgotten Temple
Game XLVIII - Halloween in January
Game XLIX - Mafia Hotel
Game L - A Test of Faith
Game LI - Evolution Mafia 2
Mini-mafia 14: Operating Room
Mini-mafia 15: Diffusion of Power
Mini-mafia 16: Simulation Mafia
Game LII: Conspiracy Mafia
Game LIII: The Legend of Zelda Mafia


TheHorla,2,What's Carpe Jugulum?Rorschach,3,Seize the throat.Azmine,4,HypeGrones,5,Game CDAREALMoneyMan,6,Why is Ryast in both games A and C Grones,7,Shouldn't this be Game C? Also, why is Ryast in both games A and C?Rorschach,8,Cause I'm not very good at hitting backspace a ton of times after copy/paste decides to put an extra space between every line.Rorschach,9,Rectified.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,10,Let's go!Rorschach,11,HOKIES!!!

BA DA DA DA DA DA DAAAAAAAAAAAAAA DUMMMMMMMHunterC98,12,Welp, the games are fixing to begin eh?TheHorla,13,Quick test here:

[vote]mark[/vote]DAREALMoneyMan,14,Quick, hammer mark pregame

[vote]mark[/vote]TheHorla,15,[vote]ryast89[/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,16,Pregame RVS?Skrimiche,17,eRorschach,18,




Esther surveys the room from her high backed chair, her gaunt frame unnerving. The room is littered with damp sacks, some of you climbing out of them. Some of you have been here for a while, chatting idly over tea. In the center of the room is a large cage, covered in a cloth, something rattling at it from the inside. 

"Welcome...to the game. Everyone. You have been briefed on the rules, and if not...well. They are publicly available to you." Esther says, pulling out a pen and holding it, pointing to a bulletin on the wall with the rules. "When you choose who to lynch for today, Chef says he's on vacation. So unfortunately we'll just have to drop them in there." She says, smiling thinly, pointing to the cage in the center of the room, where something growls from the inside. "Well...I shan't keep you...You must have so much to discuss..."

Day 1 starts Now. It ends at 7:45 pm, EST on August 3rd. Twilight will last until 9pm of the same day.Grones,19,Yarrr me hearties! Aweigh anchor and set sail for hammertown!Skrimiche,20,what is up gamersGikkle,21,10000 Jelly Doughnuts,22,[Vote]Skrim[/Vote]
!Gikkle,23,[VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE]Rorschach,24,@Gikkle
@10000 Jelly Doughnuts
@Azmimel
@Grones
@Skrimiche
@Red_PandasGikkle,25,Great minds think alike!Rorschach,26,@Red_Pandas
@DAREALMoneyMan
@Mitochondria
@TheHorla
@MrEevee7Rorschach,27,@HunterC98
@CjBeats
@VizierGrones,28,[vote] Skrim [/vote] make the wench walk the plank!Gikkle,29,Bandwagon moment
susVizier,30,[Vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts[/Vote]Grones,31,yar har har, ye landlubbers got no mind for naval strategy like ye ol' capt'nVizier,32,CAPTAIN!Skrimiche,33,im feeling like absolute buttcheeks so im not actually gonna play the game /sGrones,34,AYE ME HEARTYSkrimiche,35,not sure why a townie would post this even in RVS. seems like something only scum would do for townpointsVizier,36,LOOK!Grones,37,NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NOGikkle,38,Ah... I am so hungry... But food is so far away....Skrimiche,39,ehh, the game's barely started, doesnt really seem alignment-indicative to me. just a heehoo funnee attemptSkrimiche,40,just because it's RVS doesnt mean scum cant slip. i see zero reason for a town!skrim to have posted thatSkrimiche,41,like i said, it was probably just them trying to crack a joke.

+ other people have done similar things in the thread. why havent you been going after them?TheHorla,42,hey guys remember 3 votes is actually nearly halfway to hammer lolGrones,43,Alas me hearties, the lass "Skrimiche" is but a scurvy landlubber stranded at sea, lost her mind.Skrimiche,44,where? i havent seen anyone else try to deflect suspicion off of themselves with a flimsy AtE excuse. if im wrong then go quote themMrEevee7,45,[vote] mito [/vote]Gikkle,46,look at this person, talking to themselves. Insanity!

Though, I myself don't actually have any idea whats going on. Where am I?Skrimiche,47,this is just a waste of time. i shouldnt have to hunt them down for you

[VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE] stop being hypocritical with your readsGikkle,48,[VOTE]MrEevee7[/VOTE]Skrimiche,49,annnnd there's the chainsaw defense! found another scum. [VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE]MrEevee7,50,Omgus
[Vote] gikkle [/vote]TheHorla,51,Skrim you're making me giggle lolSkrimiche,52,but you voted mito?Grones,53,ye be at sea, but that be already beknownst to ye, ye conspirator. Ye and that lass Skrimiche be pirates flying the jolly rodger on open seas!

[Vote] Gikkle [/vote]Skrimiche,54,oh wait i see
disregard silly ol meMrEevee7,55,[vote] grones [/vote]TheHorla,56,What the **** is that pfpMrEevee7,57,Are you townHunterC98,58,crunchitize me capn.

Wait, hows the quote thingie work if the click quote doesnt quote?Vizier,59,Groan

Skrim is confusing me.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,60,THEY COME TO THIS PLACE WHEN THEY KNOW THEY AREN'T PURE!TheHorla,61,
Who are you guys?Rorschach,62,Hunter
ArraTheHorla,63,I repeat the question.HunterC98,64,wazuuuuuuupRorschach,65,From Chucklefish. They're in the discord.Grones,66,Ye click th'reply button, ye freshwater politicianVizier,67,Poyo!TheHorla,68,aaaahhhhhHunterC98,69,oooooooooh...well what does the quote thingie do?Skrimiche,70,no

sorry ;-;TheHorla,71,:Waves:HunterC98,72,skrim is an adorable bat, i see no problems.Grones,73,All yer quotes be stowed away below decks, ye press "insert quotes" to rouse those lazy landlubbers and bring em to yer postMitochondria,74,more like
amiright fellas???Vizier,75,Amgry Poyo.HunterC98,76,ahh, gotcha, thank you!Grones,77,[vote] mito [/vote] this mitochondria science wizardry be black magic, a terrible omen from the heavens, take him to the plank!Azmimel,78,Hi friendsMitochondria,79,oh captain my captain, if you wish for me to die, then die I shall

[vote] Mito [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,80,I would be very suspicious about the votes nearly getting a hammer this time, but I remember this game runs smaller than what we’re used to.HunterC98,81,yeah....i'll call that pun a lynchable offense...
[Vote] mito [vote]Azmimel,82,Quick hammer mito?Mitochondria,83,do it you won't10000 Jelly Doughnuts,84,For future reference, you got to have the slash at the start of the second vote.

just in case that helpsAzmimel,85,No, cause I appreciate that game C gets to say mito is hereHunterC98,86,Ahh....whoops.
[Vote] mito [/vote]

Edit: just to say i properly voted.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,87,Fair enough, but do you have any reasoning why you did that in the first place beyond random voting?HunterC98,88,nothing beyond a sinful punAzmimel,89,Scum team

Eevee
Mito
Panda
SkrimGrones,90,Throwing jests to the wolves, methinks Gikkle and Skrim be conspirators, plotting vile mutiny!

This be a landlubber's shot at pretending not to know the wench, typical freshwater lies. Gikkle may be a scurvy bastard, but he's the eye of the crow's nest for wizardry, no use pretendin to be a fool. Away with them! 

[vote] Gikkle [/vote]Grones,91,Skrim be a vile, lying lass, a stowaway here for vile mutiny!Gikkle,92,I have literally no idea what you're saying.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,93,Scum team:

Grones
Mark
Panda
YouAzmimel,94,Yeah id be okay with that10000 Jelly Doughnuts,95,That would be a stacked team.Grones,96,More lies! Yar har har! Ye be foolin us to think yer heads filled with saltwater!Azmimel,97,Exactly, I wouldn't mind. Except Mark would get lynched too earlyGikkle,98,I admit it, it was a lie. I don't have "no" idea, since I did have SOME idea. I apologize for this horrible offense, second mate. But your pirate speech is confusing, so I don't quite understand what you're trying to say...Azmimel,99,Lynch all liars!

[Vote] gikkle [/vote]Rorschach,100,Before someone asks again.

The town/village win condition is to:
1. Survive
2. Remove all threats to town.Vizier,101,Aye, this is a mutiny capn. Hand over all the bananas and gunpowder.

[Vote] Grones [/vote]HunterC98,102,i vote we test the captain for scurvy.DAREALMoneyMan,103,There is an impostor among us, and he is ourselves

[vote]chucklenuts[/vote]TheHorla,104,Oh, since we're all talking funny:

Heyday ho

pleasen no lynch mesa. Grones isa mafia, mesa thinkHunterC98,105,i wont lie...i was very tempted to change my vote over for the jarjar talk10000 Jelly Doughnuts,106,[Vote]Mark[/Vote]
Jar Jar speaking should be a policy lynch.Red_Pandas,107,


Azmimel,108,I personally am a fan or itVizier,109,Die, they must. 

[Vote]Mark[/Vote]Mitochondria,110,Why?Azmimel,111,I dont think he's randomly accused someone based on gut yet, that's a big tellGrones,112,YE WRETCHED BABOON! I'LL HAVE YE AS SHARK FEED ERE THE WIND CHANGES! 
[vote] Vizier [/vote]Grones,113,I be a lying, murdering, pillaging captain, but no mafia ever lay in me bunk with me. Me hands be clean.Mitochondria,114,Eh, maybe, but I think Pi's been fine so far. The only Pi-adjacent post that I haven't liked thus far is this one from Gikkle:

And I really can't explain why. Something about the post's tone (too serious? too dismissive? idk) just rubbed me the wrong way when I was skimming through.Grones,115,Gut? Gut?! I'll gut ye like a fish, ye scallywag.HunterC98,116,fair thinking, but is that a tell?Mitochondria,117,The Gikkle post? Obviously it's too early to really tell but I think it could be, weirdly defensive or dismissive responses to anything that could be perceived as an attack definitely isn't uncommon scum behavior.Red_Pandas,118,ikr I am so goodRed_Pandas,119,I think pi's pirate talk is funny and therefore Pi is hard town
I will not listen to any opposing argumentGrones,120,That post by that wretched mutineer Gikkle mayhaps be the fruit of his heavens-imposed speech impediment. He be playing the part of a confused, sun-dazed landlubber, away at sea, and far from his lass, for far too long. Aye, I remember when I was but a wee lad aboard the HMS Bictory, just a wee deck swabber I was, a cabin boy. Sick to the guts!Red_Pandas,121,gikkle instant scum for no pirate speakGrones,122,Me first mate rises!Red_Pandas,123,anyways, [VOTE] Rorschach [/VOTE]
I really can't shake off the feeling that they've somehow orchestrated this all
what exactly they may be planning is beyond me, but I know they're up too somethingMitochondria,124,nah, he wasn't doing the confused act for his first three posts of the gameHunterC98,125,how many times were you told to scrub the poopdeck?Red_Pandas,126,Aye, captain!Rorschach,127,Quite a few times unfortunately. On his first day he took the name a little too literally...Mitochondria,128,this is a dumb speculation read, but i think there will be scum among the people with post modifiers (and if one flips scum, the other(s) are prob town)Red_Pandas,129,TMI??
No post modifiers are in sight I think this is tmi!!Mitochondria,130,based, you got meHunterC98,131,post modifiers?Mitochondria,132,pi's pirate posting, skrim's schizophrenia posting, maybe gikkle's confused postingMitochondria,133,Post modifiers are basically just any parts of a person's role that require them to format all their posts in a certain way.HunterC98,134,ahhhh, gotcha...Gikkle,135,I think I'm more hungry than confused, to be quite honest.Grones,136,Mayhaps she be a truly disturbed lass, afflicted by rot of the brain, not a "post-modifier"Grones,137,Me life at sea as a young cabin boy was torturous! But now I be the most feared pirate and used car salesman in the seven seas!Mitochondria,138,You didn't seem very hungry in these posts


Is there any way anyone can give you food to help you out?TheHorla,139,Nosa reason, me just needed sometten to sayen in disa amusen translatorGikkle,140,I don't have a post modifier, I think. I'm actually not really sure yet. We'll have to wait and see.Mitochondria,141,okay fair

i'm so sorryGrones,142,Mito smells afoul to me, alike a gutted fish left out to rot in the Sun. Only good to throw overboard! Mito ne'er defends a soul 'cept when he be a foul mutineer! He be seekin to put the cap'n in his trouser pockets! Hardy yar yar!TheHorla,143,It's okeedayMitochondria,144,hey i can be selfless HunterC98,145,oh? Do you have early automobiles? im a big fan of the older models...Gikkle,146,Well... There is ONE way... But you might not like it... You see, it involves human flesh...Grones,147,[unvote] [/unvote] 
Yar Marky! Is this be the way to unvote, to appease the god of the seas, "vote count bot"?Grones,148,Aye we carry anything a landlubber would desire in their dark, nasty, landlubber heartMitochondria,149,How much human flesh?Grones,150,The only powerhouse on this ship will be used combustion engines! Yar har!TheHorla,151,YesaHunterC98,152,oh good..ill have to come and do some perusing for anything of interest...Grones,153,Methinks Hunter be loyal to the cap'n. He be returnin to the high seas after years of being away, surely he be wary and lurking beneath the depths, if he were a mutineer! Timid, scouting the waters! But he be in the fray, fighting with his cutlass like the best of us!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,154,I didn’t even consider Pi’s posting to be a restriction, I just thought he was like that this game.

I may be stupid, lol.

But anyway, I don’t think restrictions are AI at all, I can’t see mito’s argument tbh.Gikkle,155,Well... The exact amount remains to be seen.Gikkle,156,I thought we were just doing this for fun, to be honest.TheHorla,157,Me'm finden disa so fun dat me think me'm goen to keep it tup.Grones,158,It be no restriction! I be struck down by the heavens with this curse, but I will become more power than you could possibly imagine!






Yar har, I drifted to the wrong franchise, for a moment there lads. The sun and years at sea be taking a toll on this cap'n's mind.Grones,159,Away with ye, ShylockVizier,160,What if I need a new ship?Grones,161,Take yerself to the shipyards then, ye scurvy dog! This cap'n sells only used cars!HunterC98,162,i be a little rusty with my sword, more akin to my pistols and muskets..10000 Jelly Doughnuts,163,Did my car’s warranty expire yet?Grones,164,O not yet, no lass! But ye must be here for yer car's extended warranty! For a mere 9000 gold pieces, yer vehicle be warranted and safe to ride the streets of Port Royal for years (two years) to come! Ah! To the plank with years! Fork over yer firstborn and yer car be warranted for a decade!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,165,Sorry, my firstborn has a contractual obligation already.HunterC98,166,ooooh, is that the new payment method?Grones,167,Damn that thieving Rumplestiltskin! That scurvy dog! Freshwater kleptomaniac! Stealing me customers!Red_Pandas,168,technically my role pm never said what alignment I am so I may be scumSkrimiche,169,explain owoSkrimiche,170,sussy
[VOTE]Red_Pandas[/VOTE]Grones,171,
Scarrrrred arrrre ya?MrEevee7,172,Sadly no
I dont think any one of those is actually a post modifier tbh except maybe pi
When u claim neutral:
[vote] panda [/vote]MrEevee7,173,If you can prove you arent neutral evil you can stay alive for nowCjBeats,174,IM ALIVE.
IM KICKIN. 
I AM HERE.

I get to play with Mito uwu, how exciting. And my boy arra, who I shall defend with my life.


mfw10000 Jelly Doughnuts,175,That’s concerning10000 Jelly Doughnuts,176,Sadge, CJ forgets about me and Pi.CjBeats,177,Fear not my good jelly, I have not forgotten thee. I simply never play with the boy arra so it brings me much joy and excitement. OHO AND THE HUNT IS HERE TOO WHAT A GLORIOUS DAY. THIS GAME SHALL BE A SPLENDID GAME OF CAMARADERIE AND BETRAYAL.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,178,You mean trolling at an advanced level?CjBeats,179,I do not understand what you mean by that my good Jelly.Vizier,180,
Mh. No like.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,181,Oh. You will 

Gut, based on nothing, read: Gikkle town.Red_Pandas,182,yeah
well im obviously not neutral, because im mafia.
yeah maybeSkrimiche,183,i thought you said you didn't know your alignmentRed_Pandas,184,yeah but I got the mafia chat so im good nowSkrimiche,185,oh okay sweetSkrimiche,186,hey now wait just a diddily darn second here

did it not say your alignment in the title of your pm??Red_Pandas,187,I mean who knows, I COULD be a secret hidden neutral in the mafia chatRed_Pandas,188,why
why would it
be in the title?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,189,Pandas obvious jester?Vizier,190,Jesters win if they die by vote...Right?Red_Pandas,191,tbh I kind of think this is some sort of scum slip 
I dont know exactly how that would work but im sure thats not how the pms workRed_Pandas,192,I agree10000 Jelly Doughnuts,193,Yes. And Machine's a fan of the original jester that kills everyone else when they die.Red_Pandas,194,that sounds really exciting tbh I think you guys should vote me10000 Jelly Doughnuts,195,Nah, we'll NK you instead 

Someone's a vig, right?Skrimiche,196,@10000 Jelly Doughnuts is your alignment in the title of your pm/file?

sure it is!Azmimel,197,I don’t think we should lynch pandas today, but we should just shoot him. 10000 Jelly Doughnuts,198,It's just labeled 'Game C' and has the role contained within. 

Although I notice a lot of spelling and grammar errors within the file, so I think machine was in a rush or something. Dunno. What's it like for everyone else?Skrimiche,199,inb4 he made them all different so people couldn't cheese the gameSkrimiche,200,oh i see
i meant the name of your role pm file, not the hypixel pmAzmimel,201,are you that nervous about a joke post? don’t like that :3
That’s a good point.

Skrim/Gikkle/Mark/Pi

do any of you actually have a post modifier or are you just joking?Azmimel,202,we all made the pms so that would be NAI anyway

also don’t feel like we should be doing this to solve the game : (Red_Pandas,203,I haven't checked my file
ohh that makes much more senseMrEevee7,204,You know town isnt called mafia this game right?
Didnt machine say there are no jesters?Azmimel,205,maybe his post modifier is that he has to lie all the time? can’t see how this would be a good jester play. It’s way too obvious; I think something else has to be going on here.MrEevee7,206,You requested machine for a normal role pm tho so you dont have a file10000 Jelly Doughnuts,207,Lmao probably.
TBH, that's a pretty scummy thing to say. I've not seen town non-ironically say that.
Machine said that *anything* could be on the rolelist afaik. I could have misread the rules, but I think he said earlier that anything goes.Skrimiche,208,why would i be nervous because of you  

re: post modifier - joke

what do you suggest instead then
cause i dont have anything elseGrones,209,Aye me heartie! I be a cap'n and a used car salesman! Yarrrr!Skrimiche,210,why are we assuming people have post modifiers and using that to determine alignments/roles .-.Grones,211,Yarrr ye be a rude wench, ye be speakin to Mel10000 Jelly Doughnuts,212,Even if Pi has a post restriction, he's having too much fun and I love it. Lock town for wholesomeness.Azmimel,213,Idk, you’re the one who asked me to explain reads made during RVS. Why ask me to explain these reads and not the other one I made after it?? 
there were enough people acting like they had post modifiers that I thought it was a possibility.

remember pi’s worldeater role?Azmimel,214,heyyy do you have a post modifier or nah?Grones,215,It be a fool's errand to affix our spyglasses on th'heavens-cursed speeches. It be the gods playing a jest on ourrrrrr lives! Next scurvy rat to say a worrrrrd gets to be a man overrboarrrd!HunterC98,216,am i a joke to you?HunterC98,217,Redeemed. All is forgiven.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,218,Everytime I read your signature, I want a burger. Dang you.Grones,219,Avast me hearties! The signature be needin an update!Azmimel,220,do you like our pfp?? i picked it out please compliment me Azmimel,221,can’t dislike posts yet : (Skrimiche,222,for anyone else who was wondering if this was actually true or not:
///////
ily mel but my point still stands xoxo

duh, because i only care about things regarding me. uwu

i think the odds of another post modified worldeater are too low to give significant thought to atmAzmimel,223,love u too 
You ask why I thought post modifiers could be indicative of alignment/role and that was my first thought. my point is that if they are real we shouldn’t brush them to the side.Grones,224,th'signaturrrre be amended forrrr th'high seas!Skrimiche,225,ehh
i still dont think theyre important (or at least not something to be focusing on for today). only one person (grones) could be argued to have one. what does that tell you?Grones,226,It be tellin ye I be th'cap'n and ye best be harkening to 'im lest ye wish t'be a wench strrrranded on BarbadosCjBeats,227,uWu panda-kun open wolfing, what a glorious day! This game will be as easy as taking a baby away from their candy!

[vote]Panda[/vote]Scythe,228,ayieh10000 Jelly Doughnuts,229,Oh?
Yes, I do! I really could go for some pasta right now, not going to lie
CJ using uWu unirionically is scaryMrEevee7,230,pandas is definitely scum, but if they are a jester we should probably be careful about lynching them. 
[unvote] [/unvote]MrEevee7,231,it gets worse when you realize
a. they dont have a file
b. they said they already read their role and it didnt say their alignment.Skrimiche,232,coward! [vote]red_pandas[/vote]Grones,233,I be thinkin this speech talk be a waste of ourrrrr voyageGrones,234,Ye ruffians be speakin of a jester
10000 Jelly Doughnuts,235,
^
Specific beats general, and if someone had something in their PM saying they differed from the rules, that takes the reigns.CjBeats,236,Doth thou fellows really think the machine would throw a jester in this here game? Nay, panda-kun is quite simply a wolf who scumsclipped. Tis the only logical explanation for his actions, say I.Gikkle,237,I claim jesterGrones,238,Gikkle be a fine tarrrrget t'send overrrrboarrrd methinks10000 Jelly Doughnuts,239,why the hell are you doing weeb shakespeare speak?Grones,240,This be the second Shakespeare rrrrreference on this ship! A coincidence?Azmimel,241,It was the first thing I noticed when I read up this morning, so that's why I asked a question about it. Red pandas being jester feels a little too easy for me. Why was he being so obviously scummy?? That's why I suggested an alternate theory: a post modifier. But it's just that, a theory.


I don't know what it tells us because I don't know that much yet. I was just curious as to why some people were acting like they had one. Could be important in the future though.Azmimel,242,pandas rating one of my posts funny feels like a punch to the gut tbhGikkle,243,the alignment is in the title right
tbh I missed that completely and just thought "village #" was something to just describe me, not my alignment. My actual role pm doesn't have my alignment so I didn't know I was town until I asked for my win con an hour later lol.

So maybe pandas is telling the truth and since there is no title machine can change in the pms sent by panda he just had a role pm with no alignmentRed_Pandas,244,I may be dumb, but I'm not stupid
no I really haven't, machine told me my role in the pm
I think machine had given me a file already when I asked for a normal pm
yeah that's true
ew CJ saying uwu instant scum [VOTE] Cjbeats [/VOTE]
scum jest?
how does not having a file make it worse
and I got my alignment now im pretty sure it was just an error that I foundRed_Pandas,245,I reaaaaaally want to do funny talk somehow but I cant think of anythingHunterC98,246,hmmm....i say we give the man what he wants, what do you all say?
[vote] Gikkle [/vote]Red_Pandas,247,I find it really funny that I've managed to get myself almost consensus scum read by doing random RVS jokes

no, I am not going to stop.Azmimel,248,are you seriously going to write this off as RVS? fmlGikkle,249,consensus? By like 4 people?Gikkle,250,It's still RVS in my heartAzmimel,251,;-; I'm so confused right nowCjBeats,252,Who knows why any of us do anything in this accursed world?

let us look at thee panda-kun. An experienced member of this here mafia party. Are we to truly believe the man is a dumbfounded idiot? He is not! Panda-kun is an intellectual who scumslipped as his pms are different than our own! Tis the only logical explanation for senpai’s actions!Red_Pandas,253,yes, I will
tbh though the jokes did kinda suck
yeah pretty muchCjBeats,254,Let me enlighten thee. RVS means random voting sycle. You are welcome!Gikkle,255,Town members can't win after dying
Thus town and mafia will be equally scared of getting lynched
Anyone who acts like they are okay with being lynched is a liarCjBeats,256,Hunter me pal! What is thine experience with the game of mafia as we play now?Red_Pandas,257,Im pretty sure mine is the same as everyone else's but coolCjBeats,258,Did ye not ask the machine senpai for a role pm different then our own?


and yet, you my dear Gik claimed jester! Hmmmm suspicious!Red_Pandas,259,yeah I dont actually have a file
just checked
I had one for game A but then I moved to game C
so my alignment technically wasn't anywhere in my PM before machine added itAzmimel,260,I get what you're saying, but I also don't understand why he wouldn't have just questioned machine privately until he understood his role. Why does he benefit from announcing that he has no alignment in his role pm?? What does that do for him?? 


if it was a joke it was a terrible one. 


Oh, CJ, you are a saucy boy!Red_Pandas,261,yeah kind of?
it was just asking for my role in the pm instead of in the file
technicallyyyyy it wasn't a joke 
but I did announce it ironicallyCjBeats,262,Perhaps the machine senpai made an Oopsie woodsie? Could it be!? Is our senpai incompetent??CjBeats,263,There was once a saying back in the day of mine from whence I was born! Comedy is subjective! Terrible jokes are still jokes my dearest Azimel!Grones,264,This be a revealing day, we thrrrow Gikkle orr Skrrrim overboard! Hunterrr, Panda, and Cj arrrrre loyal to the cap'n, forrrr cerrtain!Red_Pandas,265,im afraid soCjBeats,266,And did the machine senpai give you your request in the different role pm?Grones,267,[vote] gikkle [/vote]CjBeats,268,Alas, perhaps we should lynch him instead! Oh what a great sacrifice we must make for our panda-Kun!!Grones,269,Cj ye best stop discussin rrrrrole PMs lest ye appearrr as a conspirator mutineerrrr t'me, thrrrowin the discussion overrrboardCjBeats,270,Enlighten me my dearest cap’n-kun, what is the problem with mistress Skrimiche on this day?Grones,271,[vote]cj[/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,272,I. I.

I'm intimidated. I won't lie.CjBeats,273,My curiosity shan’t be quenched, not even by my dearest cap’n-kun.Grones,274,She be talkin amiss, and I be seeing a vile connection betwixt herrr and th'GikkleRed_Pandas,275,can confirm
yeah I think machine Lynch would be a good idea
yesCjBeats,276,Oh to switch so fast in the heart of thee! What a glorious mind you possess!Azmimel,277,
hmmmm ok10000 Jelly Doughnuts,278,




Pi's reversal of his opinions is well within his normal town meta, I think. Therefore, I will say that Pi is a high TR of mine, and would rather not want him lynched.CjBeats,279,Then chalk it up to nothing more than a miscommunication! Non-alignment indicative say I!

[unvote][/unvote]
It is settled!


my dearest jelly! I am playing most seriously in my heart!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,280,This is 1000000000% cursed.Azmimel,281,I don't like how quickly you accepted that. Where did your certainty go?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,282,


HunterC98,283,uhhh....lets see..last time i played was...what? 5'ish years ago?HunterC98,284,appreciate the vote of confidence cap!Grones,285,Jelly be using jests t'avoid exposing herrrrself as a vile mutineer?Azmimel,286,this feels like the complete opposite of how she was last game, so I'm kinda ok with it,Grones,287,Arghhhhh10000 Jelly Doughnuts,288,Nah, I just wanted to make memes. That's all. I would say that I'd stop doing them, but that would be a lie, because they're funny. 

[Vote]Cj/Vote]

Something pings me about him, he feels wishywashy.

ANd yea, pi's that way too, but he's usually that way as town.Grones,289,Panda be town, no throwin o'erboard, cap'n's orderrs10000 Jelly Doughnuts,290,I disagree with him being town, but agree with not lynching. Hopefully we have a TK that can handle the jester.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,291,because I don't see scum pandas or town pandas being this way tbh.HunterC98,292,i feel too scrambled to make a fair assumption here.

cap'n seems busy being the spitting image of a proper town seafarer.

gikkle seems to be pure chaos.

cj seems awful authoritative, though that could be chalked up with trying to make up for missing some talk time.

jelly seems to be alright so far, a pinch quiet but i dunno how she plays to make a concern of that.

azmimel is either staying very quiet and stoking flames or just unavailable most often.Azmimel,293,Maybe if you explain the connection between Gikkle and Skrim I'd explain my read :3


He's either village idiot or neutral imoGrones,294,Let's brrring out the rum and play a game below decks! All ye scalleywag excuses for sailors, bellow out the scummiest, most treacherous words ye can


The cap'n'll begin

I be so disappointed I be a loyal one this voyage, I be hopin t'be a treacherous mutineer, but the gods declarrre me loyal to me post, th'CAP'NRed_Pandas,295,I feel like I probably would be dumb enough to make these jokes as bothAzmimel,296,the only reason why I could imagine anyone saying this is because they want to be lynched.Azmimel,297,trying to chat with my hydra partner :3MrEevee7,298,hes still lying about not checking the file, as he claims he doesnt have a file later on
so you knew your alignment, so why did you say you didnt?
scum != mafia, it just is evil roles. so jester would be scum as it makes town lose in the case that it is lynched
because you said you didnt read your file, but if you dont have it thats just an obvious lie that you didnt read it.HunterC98,299,aaah...yes that is a thing, my bad.Red_Pandas,300,eh
that doesn't mean I'm lying though, if I dont have a file then I didnt read it?
so it's still true
my alignment was never in the PM before I made the joke about it
after that machine added it
technically I didn't
I dont think jester is even in the game since everyones win-con is to stay alive and defeat the other faction iirc
but that means it's true??
also I did think I had a file
my memory is bad and its not something I thought was importantCjBeats,301,Twas explained away by the panda-kun! My certainty was replaced by uncertainty before being uprisen by a new kind of certainty!
Then ye are but a bab who I shall protect henceforth!


Is coming to an understanding wishy washy my dearest jelly? It is not!MrEevee7,302,no one says "i didnt read my book!!!" if they dont have a book. you were clearly trying to make an excuse for "not knowing your alignment"
ah yes, what a great reason to be town. "my memory is bad"

guys i claim scum!!!!
wait no my memory is bad im actually town!!!Grones,303,9 times out o'10, when ye landlubbers be assured and confident ye caught a scumslip rrrrelatin' t'role PMs, ye be sorrrely mistaken. This be a useless arrrrrgument made by lazy landlubberrrsRed_Pandas,304,as said previously, at the time I thought I had a file 
I never tried to make it an argument that I was was town but sure
I was literally just stating that I had mis-remembered it
also me claiming that I was mafia is the most obvious joke in history10000 Jelly Doughnuts,305,Rum? Rum?

Honestly: scum doesn't usually tend to say that they wished they rolled scum. It's a town move in my experience. Or at least I think so. Pi just keeps on being more townie somehow.
No one read the rules closely enough and it shows.
This is 100% cursed why am I in this game, I should suffer in the nexus instead why why why why whyRed_Pandas,306,im dumb be patient with meSkrimiche,307,pg 13 atm
[vote]CjBeats[/vote]HunterC98,308,okay, lemme be the first to come to the question, do we lynch off of all the nonsense in an attempt to knock out a bad guy or let time pass and use abilities to try and find stuff out?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,309,In most games, town tries to lynch everyday due to the information gained from the flip and the potential mafia member dead.

Here it may be less advisable because a lynch on someone is an automatic 'you lose' thing, so I feel like people are more hesitant this time.DAREALMoneyMan,310,I do not like that you are attempting to brush off his actions via of setup speculationGikkle,311,[VOTE]No-Lynch[/VOTE]
When's the last time we had a d1 no lynch? :3HunterC98,312,soooo keep yapping till someone slips?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,313,Based!
[Vote]No-Lynch[/Vote]
Yep, you got it. Eventually someone will vote dumb, pressures build and then scum slipping happens!CjBeats,314,Oh Gikkle-Chan, you wild man! Perhaps once I would’ve joined you on your quest to lynch not a soul, but alas, I have come to realize the benefit of lynching a person day 1. To not do so would be an inservice to the game!HunterC98,315,aye aye cap-errr...jelly.Vizier,316,You seem...Rather. 

Dead-set on lynching.CjBeats,317,And you aren’t my dearest Arra?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,318,I'm waiting for the time CJ says 'you saucy boy' unironically. 

I think I woke up in the twilight zoneSkrimiche,319,what if they just dont care about losing :3

im down
[vote]Skrimiche[/vote]

gikkle is quaking in his bootsVizier,320,Not particularly. I really wouldn't want more company.Grones,321,Arrrgh! Based! 
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Grones,322,Land ho!Grones,323,Argh! I meant @CjBeats10000 Jelly Doughnuts,324,CJ is a farming instrument?Grones,325,He'll be farmin votes 'ere the tide changes10000 Jelly Doughnuts,326,Also: weird thought: what if dead players were still in the game somehow.

Seems very weird that Machine would just ban dead chat and giving the rolelist.

Maybe there could be revivers. Idk, just seems odd to me.HunterC98,327,That could be interesting, but then the question is, what extent of knowledge would they come back with?Grones,328,The dead souls be sent away from Davy Jones locker because all 3 worlds be connected, methinks.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,329,The same bit of when they were dead, I think.
most assuredly there’s a connection.HunterC98,330,Which makes sense of the snippet of not revealing roles.HunterC98,331,guess playing it safe would be the smart thing to do..
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Grones,332,If ye were bettin yer life on it, which of these ruffians would ye wager is a mutineer?HunterC98,333,if i was to wager my doubloons against a soul, i would say one of the quieter ones...likely mito. just don't have enough to go off of to make a safe assumption.Grones,334,Aye! Mito be a treacherous cabin boy, but for other reasons.

Speakin of quiet ruffians, lurkin under the sea,
@DAREALMoneyManHunterC98,335,i wanted to ask about him but wasnt sure if i just didnt know his name he used.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,336,Explain?TheHorla,337,I don't 100% understand the pandas situation, but I learned the hard way last game that most of the time, "scumslips" related to PMs and formatting are usually just people getting confused.

Let me see if I read this right:
- pandas got his role in a PM, not a file
- the text of the PMs doesn't contain a wincon
- since you can't edit the title of a PM, machine forgot to tell pandas his alignment
- pandas noticed this, made a joke out of it
- people didn't realize that pandas wouldn't have known his alignment from his file title, since he got his role as a PM
Explaining away behaviour as a post modifier is bad logic and scummy. If we want to argue that player such and such is "obviously scummy" because of a "post modifier", we might as well hang up our towels and go home here.
Eevee is way too confident here for my liking.
Disappointed in gikkle for speaking sense here and not using this prime reaction fish opportunity.Azmimel,338,yea, but I also don't like the fact that he's trying to write it off as an RVS joke. I wouldn't lynch him either way, but I certainly don't think he's towny.
Not attempting to brush his actions off. I'm trying to figure out on earth he would inform us (apparently as a joke) that he had no alignment in his role pm. It was just a theory . I personally don't see scum or town doing that in any situation.Azmimel,339,I think they are, specifically because of this quote from the rules for game C
Grones,340,Mito be a snake charmer, a silverrrr-tongued succubus


Across the 7 seas, I've always known this landlubber to be a rotten soul from the malbolge. He be a seducer, a liar, a flatterer, a two faced duplicitous freshwater politician!

His treacherous mutiny sails on
He be a sower of deceit, he sets our ship along the wrong course, subtly like the Majesty's snake charmer he be.Grones,341,What be the cabin boy's agenda?Skrimiche,342,[VOTE]MrEevee7[/VOTE]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,343,Mmm, I disagree, but there's probably no reason to be setup speculating
Okay other than being a dnd monster, what did Mito do?
Why?HunterC98,344,i shall kick back and watch this show unfold til i have anything interesting or thoughtful to add.Azmimel,345,oh sorry i should've been more specific on which part. I think dead players will still have an impact on the game. I have no clue about revivers.TheHorla,346,Am... I the cabin boy? Or eevee?Azmimel,347,this is the second time you've voted a person pi has put under some sort of pressure with no explanation.Grones,348,Review th'rest o'me post, illiterate wenchTheHorla,349,Where did pi pressure eevee?Grones,350,Eevee, that dogMitochondria,351,I agree with Mark's take on the Panda situation. Don't fully understand what their confusion was and honestly don't care enough about this discussion line to spend the brainpower figuring it out, but odds are more likely they got confused and communicated their confusion poorly rather than them being scum that we caught right away.

I'm also mindmelding with Mark on his Eevee take (shows up, tunnels Panda, then dips; I especially didn't like the post he made asking Panda to "prove he's not neutral evil," it's a weirdly specific thing to ask for), but I'm super uncomfy with Skrim's naked vote on him and the underlying feeling that thread consensus is quickly shifting against Eevee. Quick shifts in thread consensus generally indicate that the target's town.

I'm not sure if I dislike this post because a) I'm annoyed that we're already starting our discussion about how Mito not living in the thread = scum (in which case this post is NAI and I'm just being emotional) or b) it's scummy that I get specifically called out despite the majority of the game having done nothing thus far.

Pi's read on me is bad and he should feel bad, but I like his play so far.

Pi and Mark feel town, sans the post I called out above I've been liking Hunter, Skrim's kinda weirding me out so light scumread, I guess scumread on Eevee too but I don't think Skrim/Eevee is a scum pair.Grones,352,And where be th'first time?TheHorla,353,@Azmimel are either of you ABBA fans? (Based on your signature, just wondering)10000 Jelly Doughnuts,354,ah okay yea.
I did, you threw out spicy insults and then refused to elaborate more lolGrones,355,I'll hang ye from th'highest mast with yer own innardsMitochondria,356,I'll sink ye ship before I hangAzmimel,357,oops I mixed up you and grones. But the point should still stand. She's voted people that others have put under pressure with no explanation. 
Don't know about azmine, but I sure am.Grones,358,He be seekin a pocketed sailor, and he be veering us off course, distracting us like a Siren's cry!TheHorla,359,An hour ago I impulsively scumread him for it, but:
- good chance eevee is confused as well
- scumhunting is good, considering that it'd be easy for scum to sit back and chill right now
- I agree with mito that a shifting consensus that eevee is scum is in general indicative that eevee is town (particularly considering that he's often considered an easy lynch)Grones,360,


HunterC98,361,fair, i may not have said it well, the second half of the message was supposed to be me saying i am not fully capable to make a firm guess because i don't have anything to compare it against.CjBeats,362,You are doing amazing my dearest sweet huntie-Chan.

Let us move forward on our conversation from the mister panda-kun! It shan’t get us anywhere doddling on about it! When does this here fine day end?Grones,363,@CjBeatsHunterC98,364,Day 1 ends tomorrow at....7:45 PM i believe?Mitochondria,365,If Pi or Hunter flips scum, I think it's decently likely the other flips scum as well. They've been pretty buddy-buddy all game (meta is fairly useless, but as a point of comparison from playing scum with Pi before, I remember he's not big on bussing teammates) and I'm still weirded out by Hunter shading me without committing to a Mito scumread stance and then backpedalling a bit when I responded (builds support for Pi's read without him really sticking his neck out there).

@CjBeats-kun uwu, what do you think of things so far?CjBeats,366,Such a long day, oh me oh my! Thank you dearest cap’n-Chan. I shall love you long time.Grones,367,One of these cabin boys will walk the plank, ere the day is done! E'eryone else aboard this ship be safe!Grones,368,Yer a bold oneMitochondria,369,Being controversial is fun Grones,370,LiberrrrralsCjBeats,371,I think things are just downright fascinating in this here game! A glorious tale of whodunnit taking place upon our doorstep!
I know not the reasoning on why people are scumming the Eevee-weevee, so I could use an explanation, but beyond that there confusion I do so believe the cap’n-Chan is a good lad. Huntie-wuntie-kun is newish, so I shall protect him for now. I do so believe that talking about panda-kun as we have done so much is becoming nothing more than a waste of time. That moment has passed. I would like to hear more from my dearest arra! A delightful, beautiful, man!Grones,372,Aye?Mitochondria,373,Very wholesome post but oh so very safe! Gimme something spicy, what's your hottest take about the game right now?CjBeats,374,My dearest jelly is a sneaky, sniveling, conniving devil bent on seeing this dearest world of ours burn to the ground upon which we stand!Mitochondria,375,Now we're cooking, how come?HunterC98,376,i was asked who i thought could be scummy and answered off of what i had...which still aint much...Mitochondria,377,That's fair - and to be clear, I've generally liked your posts thus far - but the point still stands. Wishywashy reads are never a good look because they're commonly used by scum to set up mislynches and erode the town's trust in other townies without the scum player needing to commit to the read or lead the lynch (both of which look bad when the target flips town).10000 Jelly Doughnuts,378,[JOKEVOTE]JELLY[JOKEVOTE]

oh god, everyone's doing weeb shakespeare and pirate speak. Get me outta here


---
I can see a wolf eevee, but I'm hesistant because he's LHF and I feel like I could be misdirected.

It's very weird cash hasn't spoken at all, but I don't think that's AI.

CJ feels... off for some reason, maybe the restriction is throwing me off, but it feels like some serious misdirection in his posts.CjBeats,379,Despite being how one may say active, she is too concerned with how people say things instead of they say! No notable contributions have come forth from her blessed heart, and I find that odd for someone of her stature and expertise!CjBeats,380,Right as I say such words she comes with the spice, oh my! Misdirection in what way my dear friend?HunterC98,381,alrighty, ill be sure to keep that in mind.Grones,382,Indra moment 


(Argh)Grones,383,Cj vs Jelly be a fool's errand, akin t'searching for the fountain o'youthCjBeats,384,Then consider me a fool, cause this one errand that I just must run! My curious heart shan’t be quenched until I do!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,385,Let me go through your posts real quick and find what sort of bothered me. It's very possible it's not your fault and I'm in shock from the PR.CjBeats,386,I shall await patiently with pounding enthusiasm for your return!MrEevee7,387,idk about anyone else but it says right in my file what my alignment is, not just the title of it. so machine shouldve still told him his alignment regardless of whether or not it was in a normal pm. i assumed this meant he was neutral as normally neutral just comes with the roll and no statement of alignment
and then he started talking about his file, which seemed scummy to me as he shouldnt have one based on his request, and he also said he didnt read his file, which would be a pointless post to make if he had read his pm where his role should have been, so id assumed it was again, a lie.Azmimel,388,First post I could find related to his interactions with Pandas.





Eevee remembered that Pandas asked for his role in a PM instead of a file, and then fixates on Pandas saying he did not open his file where his role was because that shouldn't have been a possibility for Pandas. 

I feel like it's way too easy to scum read Eevee based on just his interactions with Pandas (which are the only significant ones he's had), especially since Pandas was creating confusion, which is not a townie thing to do.

Right now it's low-hanging fruit, and I'd like to see more from Eevee before I actually consider him to be a lynch target.

@MrEevee7 whatcha feeling right now?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,389,The hard part is that I do have issues with telling jokes and such over text. The post modifier is making it really difficult to tell if you're sincere or just playing it up. I try to keep it in mind, but you do seem to be trying to pocket people.
And then you make the argument that there was a scum slip despite not knowing anything about the format of the roles, especially because I can't really find an example PM anywhere that would justify the reason. Pandas was weird, but this is a confusing game.

Although saying you've never read your PM (pandas) is scummy, so that's agreeable
With Hunter
Hunter again, and then you were enlightened, but it reads to me like you thought this was a dead end thing.
Pi.

And well, you seem to have an odd relationship with Mito too, the 'spiciest takes' feels very forced to me.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,390,Spicy take: Neither Eevee nor Pandas should be in the lynch pool today.Azmimel,391,I'm okay with a no-lynch, but I want Skrim to explain why she voted CJ and Eevee.Grones,392,


Red_Pandas,393,setup spec good, this argument is not valid
that's pretty much right
I can get thinking pi has one but me being a bit confusing definitely =/= post mod
if anything its very normal for me to be confusing10000 Jelly Doughnuts,394,You know, when it feels like everyone's trying to pocket you, no one is. But there are like three people who did click agree on a lot of my posts recently.

EDIT: removed 'let me check' idk why I put that there.Azmimel,395,yeah, I got a little overeager thinking about post modifiers. 
I thought you didn't like CJ? Where are you on that?TheHorla,396,Why are you bringing up a no lynch so early?Azmimel,397,because three people have voted for a no-lynch so farAzmimel,398,just checked vote count, it's actually fourTheHorla,399,It just feels super weird to preface that question with that statementAzmimel,400,I mean if skrim doesn't explain her votes well then I won't be ok with a no-lynch.Vizier,401,
I swear I heard someone roll in their grave with that joke. Absolutely sickening.HunterC98,402,Sorry, that was me.Grones,403,
Grones,404,@TheHorla a used car for your thoughts?CjBeats,405,Me and mito-Chan’s relationship is one of resounding love, but that does not mean I would like to pocket. Alas, I know not the heart of Mito-Chan, so I cannot say anything about him! As for the other laddies you mentioned, I simple wish to protect huntie-wuntie on this first day as he has not played in many a moon. And is it wrong to love my cap’n-Chan for telling me when day ends? I think not! But that is the only reason I said such things, so i find it a stretch if you think that’s me trying to pocket the dear lad.

And one does know the format of a role pm, or at the very least one should! After all, we all received one from the machine senpai!TheHorla,406,Null on everyone except gikkle (light town for speaking up for panda) and lean scum on skrimiche for voting eevee.HunterC98,407,to be fair, a lot of what eevee has to say is either voting or straight calling folks out, not that i agree against him but it is something to keep aware of.Skrimiche,408,
i have my reasons, and if i dont make them public then that is also for a reason. :s

i dont think he is?

gimme a bit

scary ;-;Grones,409,Eevee be a mighty sailor, no LHF 
He be no mutineer, ne'erthelessGrones,410,Who ye be wagering be the mutineer, then?DAREALMoneyMan,411,Alas I am binging Ted lasso, I will probably be done with the season by the end of the day so I’ll do things then (TM)Skrimiche,412,also i voted cj because he had stinky energy but i dont feel like pushing him rnRed_Pandas,413,relatableAzmimel,414,Other head popping in! It's cause (you're his scum buddy) : )Skrimiche,415,prove it busterTheHorla,416,Maybe skrim and azmimel?TheHorla,417,To expand on this a bit: azmimel made some really poor attacks on panda (the whole pm speculation bit was bad, thinking that he had a post modifier that made him always lie was scummy, reading him as jester was scummy, not considering that he may have been a bit confused (and that he was telling the truth that he didn't know his alignment at the beginning) was scummy.)

Skrim naked voted eevee after I attacked them is scum-indicative, and mel immediately criticizing them (and afterwards weakly pressuring skrim) feels a bit more like scum distancing than actual scumhunting.Azmimel,418,Pandas came out and said that he did not have an alignment in his role pm, and then later claimed mafia. He did not claim that he was joking until later. That was confusing to me. I saw absolutely no reasoning for town or scum to have made that move, so I assumed he was a neutral who wanted to die. I don’t think that’s scummy.

I never speculated above role pms. In fact, I was very against it. I did speculate a bit about post modifiers, and yeah, I’ll admit I fixated on it a bit too much, but I was trying to figure out why on earth he would’ve decided to share all of this information with us instead of dming machine and figuring it out, which is what I would’ve done, and post modifiers were on my mind because of the earlier discussion. Was it a poor decision to setup speculate so early on? Probably. Is it alignment indicative? Probably not.

I don’t know why you think my argument against skrim has been weak. I haven’t voted her, that’s true, but I didn’t want to vote anyone until I discussed it with my partner.

this is the only post I made about role pms.MrEevee7,419,Idk tbh but i feel like some of the ppl on my wagon are scummy
Why? That's just straight up an anti town line of thought.Skrimiche,420,anti town? like an anti hero? sickSkrimiche,421,+ no it isnt

machine if by some miracle youre reading this i hate you for the no edit ruleRed_Pandas,422,I can see that, kind ofRed_Pandas,423,its been in mafia games like foreverSkrimiche,424,

Spoiler: cj stink pg 13









Skrimiche,425,yeah but normally i can edit in my afterthoughts when i post
now i have to double post and it's annoying for people trying to catch up TheHorla,426,There's a whole bunch to unpack here:
- if someone claims mafia, it's obviously a joke
- jokes are a thing, and don't necessarily imply that someone wants to die.
- I think it's scummy to read into his behaviour this much
- Making assumptions about the veracity of panda's claim that machine forgot to state his alignment is inherently PM speculation
- Re: why panda shared the info: when I read his posts, I found it funny that machine forgot to give him his alignment; that you didn't consider (or pretended to not consider) that he shared it because mod errors are funny is scummy.
- I didn't say that the post modifier speculation was scummy because it's setup speculation (but good point there, I guess that's one more reason to scumread you!). Your comment was scummy because trying to explain player behaviour by post-speculation ("they are lying/acting off because of mod instructions") is not a townie line of reasoning.
- Your argument against skrim is so far weak because I find it unpursuasive.Rorschach,427,*unpersuasiveGrones,428,Jokes aint always jokes arghhhSkrimiche,429,FIGHT ME YOU COWARDRorschach,430,Sure.
Skrim has been modkilled.

I win.

Skrim has been reinstated into the game.MrEevee7,431,How is it notTheHorla,432,What are you saying here?Azmimel,433,





1) From my point of view, we were out of RVS/the banter stage. Pandas said he thought it would be exciting if people voted him. That implies he wants to die.
2) He didn’t clear up that it was a joke until 30-45 minutes after, and during that time he was a major topic of discussion. The majority of players on at the time believed him to be a jester. He didn’t clear it up immediately even though he was online, which I found weird.
3) You’re telling me it’s suspicious to analyze a player I found scummy at the time? 


My argument was not about PM speculation because I was questioning why he shared the information with us. I was confused because I would’ve asked machine instead of sharing it with the rest of the players in the game. Because of this, I thought it might be a ploy to make himself seem suspicious and therefore get voted.





Proof that I never once speculated about what was actually in his PM, just that I wondered why he actually did it.


Once again, I didn’t understand why Pandas was sharing the information with us. So I tried to figure out why. Two things came into my mind. Jester, which was a common answer among the online players, and a post modifier. I thought of a post modifier because of what I’d been thinking about before with you, grones, skrim, and Gikkle.


My argument against Skrim is her votes with absolutely nothing to back them up. I made that point before you did, you just dedicated an entire post to it. Do you not find your own argument persuasive enough?Skrimiche,434,im sure youve had times where you didnt want to spell things out for a greater purposeGrones,435,Nothin 
Yar har harGrones,436,[vote] cash [/vote]Gikkle,437,I'm 2% closer to ending the world
better kill me before thenTheHorla,438,Not yet, actually! It's pretty weak right now. My argument is that you're making the same (weak) argument as I am, but to distance yourself from her.
*shrugs* Regardless of how you define the end of RVS, I did not take their posts seriously. I think you are taking some posts that were not meant to be taken seriously far too seriously, and tied yourself up in knots trying to explain them via post modifiers.
I think the majority of players that were on at the time were wrong about that. 
Yes, depending on what you're analyzing? See the comment above about taking things seriously.
Just trying to understand something here. Did you think he was telling the truth that machine forgot to give his alignment, or not?
I understand that! The facts here are clear. But I think your conclusion was wrong, and I find it suspicious that you came to the conclusion that it was a post modifier.MrEevee7,439,sure, but seeing as it is impossible to have mech info atm, i dont see how it could be that.
and not explaining reads, unless youre just being lazy, doesnt help town at all and makes you look like you dont have any actual reasons for them10000 Jelly Doughnuts,440,Except speculating on pms is useless especially for Req because he does make changes and edits to the template all the time.

Heck, he didn't even put a period in my pm, is that scum indicative?

Also Skrim, give your reasons, let's not play this gameSkrimiche,441,booooo

touché

Cj - I quoted the posts that pinged me earlier while I was reading up. I didn't feel like pushing him (I confess to being lazy!), and I switched off to Eevee soon after because that's a vote I have reasons for doing aside from gut.

Eevee - First, I thought Pandas scumslipped about his alignment not being in his pm. This was because i asked Machine earlier if the "village" in the title of my google doc was my alignment (because it wasnt in the contents of the doc), and he confirmed it. But then I thought about it some more, and realized it was more likely that it was just a goof & not an actual scumslip. Eevee pointing out the contradiction with Panda's PM (being on the hypixel forums and not a google doc) seemed townie to me, but his subsequent hounding of Panda afterwards didn't. You can argue that the attempt at gamesolving is townie, but to me, it looked more like scum going after low-hanging fruit.

anyways im dipping to pet some cats and my dog grandson, ciao o/Skrimiche,442,also the reason why i didnt elaborate on the eevee vote was because i wanted to see how he'd react to it & whether or not he'd continue to push pandasAzmimel,443,Are you trying to trick me into actual pm speculating? Either way, it doesn't change my argument. I found him suspicious because he volunteered the information, not because he claimed machine forgot to give him his alignment.

Oh, so you're not as confident as you seem. 
you're right, it probably wasn't meant to be taken seriously. However, that's how I took it at the time, and since I want to defend myself I am attempting to explain my thought process. 
My conclusion wasn’t that he had a post modifier, my conclusion was that something else was going on here. Post modifier was just an example of something else that could’ve been going on. 
HunterC98,444,where was this mindset back when i horsed around with bold talk and ended up getting myself lynched on just talking around?Grones,445,We be halfway to nightfall, best we line up some choice ruffians to walk the plank! 

I wanna see 
Mito
SkrimGrones,446,Gikkle 


Send them all to the plank!Vizier,447,What flavor stinky? Skunk, onion, rotten food?CjBeats,448,
What happened to me oh cap’n my cap’n? doth thou not know your own heart? What a spicy lad you are oh cap’n-Chan to change up so quickly! 

Mistress Skrimiche-kun, I saw thine post about my stinkiness, but alas I do not understand what pinged you about those? Will you enlighten my darling heart?

And to my dearest jelly, I have seen your point! Oh what a wonderful mind you possess!CjBeats,449,MY LOVELY ARRA OH TO SEE THINE FACE FILLS MY HEART WITH SUCH JOY!!

Tell me, my dearest Arra, doth thou have any thoughts?Scythe,450,"Shall I compare thee to a summer day?"
"You're both hot."Vizier,451,
Nothing really rattles around in this dead head of mine, but I figure I can dig something up to support an idea I have.CjBeats,452,Oh superb! I shall await your return with bated breath!Vizier,453,There's. Not a cupid/lovers role in this setup. Right?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,454,Days I wish I had a vig shotVizier,455,



Edit: Posted meme twice.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,456,You are exceptionally wishy-washy.

[Vote]CJ[/Vote]CjBeats,457,You no longer need one, for this comment is already a knife to the heart! Oh what a cruel, black, wicked, twisted, nasty heart you must possess to say such rudeness to one such as me!CjBeats,458,A man merely knows when to change his mind when faced with arguments that make sense! My mind is not fixed, it is open to one’s voices!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,459,Mmmmmhmmm
You're really wishy washy, not changing your mind with good arguments. It's more that anytime anyone puts any push back on your opinions, you drop back. You've done it like 4 times.Vizier,460,

TheHorla,461,I explicitly stated earlier that my scumread of skrim was pretty weak, so my "confidence" is really just a strawman.
No, you're getting paranoid. You assumed that pandas posting "I don't have an alignment" makes him scummy or a jester - what logically follows is that you assumed he was lying about not having an alignment. If you thought he was telling the truth, his statement is obviously NAI, since he made it before he had an alignment!TheHorla,462,There is literally figuratively nothing to use to form a mito read right now.TheHorla,463,Final thought: Grones is funny as heck, but most of his posts substantively add up to "I want to lynch mito and skrim" or "Thoughts?"Grones,464,A used car for your thots?Grones,465,Lies and deception, mutiny! He be a conspirator, I quoted the ruffian.Mitochondria,466,Pi, do you have an argument against me which doesn’t boil down to “oh he TRs me which means he’s scum trying to pocket me”? I’d hope yes if I’m one of your top lynch targets today Red_Pandas,467,I ran out of reactions, expect no communication from me for exactly 24 hoursMitochondria,468,Maybe this post? Idk, I guess I’m biased but I genuinely fail to see how any of this is scummy. First quote was RVS, second was genuine curiosity and trying to spark discussion, third was my read at the time and an attempt to get some non-RVS discussion going. Fourth is setup spec and thus bad, but ehRed_Pandas,469,the rule hasn't changed at all
probably..
we don't know for sureRed_Pandas,470,yeah tbh no ai in thereGrones,471,Yarrr! I be quoting yer crimes! Ye set us off-course with yer insinuation that post mods be alignment indicative/one o'them be scum! Subtle, but powerful derailing! Typical mutineering!MrEevee7,472,Why mito?
This does seem like a bit of an overreaction thoughRed_Pandas,473,trying to find out why you're scum read is not overreactingGrones,474,Arghh! I be explainin meself o'er and o'er!Grones,475,Jelly be sailing under our radar, methinks.Grones,476,[vote] Gikkle [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,477,
"Slipping under radar"
votes gikkle.

also smh at not reading any of my arguments with CJRed_Pandas,478,I really don't get the thread title tbhGrones,479,With respect, ye olde cap'n closes his eyes and scrolls past e'ery word Cj posts10000 Jelly Doughnuts,480,Oh okay, understandable why you missed it and scum read me. Have a nice day.Grones,481,SR ye? Ne'er said that! Don't ye be puttin words in me mouth like some kind o' freshwater tv show hostMrEevee7,482,No, it's not. But he could have awaited groness response instead of writing an essay. I just found it a bit odd is all.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,483,But you do so...Grones,484,Should I? 


Arghhh!Grones,485,But that were me reasoning! He be askin for me reasoning, and found it! This be a weird position to take, Eevee. I'll have ye swabbing decks for a week for this!Skrimiche,486,good news: the cats like me
bad news: im allergic to catsSkrimiche,487,onions are divine you take that back

sure, gimme a min

ahaha yeah ive never done that as town myself ahahaha
ahaha
aha10000 Jelly Doughnuts,488,Yes. Go on!MrEevee7,489,Well since he clearly wasn't satisfied with the reasoning id expect him to not say anything about it then attack you if thats all you said it was in case there were more reasoningGrones,490,So ye admit to being a scalleywag?!Grones,491,Why would he say nothing? Is he a mute? A dumb landlubber? No, he be a tricksy siren, speech be his gift.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,492,Yes

(I shouldn't have to do the joke here but I will)MrEevee7,493,So that he makes sure he doesn't attack you needlessly..? It's what i would do at leastGrones,494,Why would he be wary o'attacking me "needlessly"? He be scared o' me?Grones,495,This be no laughing matter!Skrimiche,496,On second thought, I agree with Cj on this? Whoops. Not sure why I thought it felt wrong. Might've been the "subjective" bit triggering a primal response in me.

The only thing he questioned from that list (Azmimel scumreading me/Gikkle + townreading Hunter/Panda/Cj) was the scumread on me, which is strange. I'm not sure why he would pick to exclusively focus on me there.

(Context: Grones offers me & Gikkle as lynch candidates, then votes Gikkle, then 2 posts after voting Gikkle tells Cj to stop discussing role PMs because it's derailing the thread*, then 2 posts after that votes Cj.
*@Grones did I get that right? Just wanna make sure I'm understanding the pirate lingo. :3)

I was going to say: "Cj shouldn't be calling out others for being wishy-washy when he's been doing it himself", but when I looked back at the actual posts I had in mind from him, I actually think the progression might be natural? He basically went through the same "Panda scumslipped" --> "Panda/Machine just goofed up" thought process as me, although he stayed at Stage #1 of that longer than I did.


Spoiler: Cj posts












@Gikkle what do you make of this^? My confidence is shattered and my night is ruined. :<Skrimiche,497,@ the cj debacle: im gonna sleep on it
and by sleep on it i mean im gonna forget about it until i remember that im playing in this game tomorrow and check the thread
o/Grones,498,Man, I have no idea, I, myself, lose half the meaning while typing up these posts

ARrghh I mean, ye be right on the trrrrreasure lass!HunterC98,499,isee that we have made a lovely circle of conversation....right where we started 'n such...10000 Jelly Doughnuts,500,You missed how he said I was scummy and then I gave a single response and he decided that was okay.

Hmmm. I don’t have an opinion on mark right now and that concerns me.Red_Pandas,501,very relatableTheHorla,502,I don't actually believe this, fyiTheHorla,503,Day 1 Votecount:
(2) nolynch: Gikkle, HunterC98
(2) cjbeats: 10000 Jelly Doughnuts, Red_Pandas
(2) gikkle: Azmimel, Grones
(1) mreevee7: Skrimiche
(1) chucklenuts: DAREALMoneyMan
(1) mitochondria: Mitochondria
(1) thehorla: Vizier
(3) Not voting: TheHorla, MrEevee7, CjBeats

You can view this votecount and all previous votecounts in the #votecounts channel in Discord.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,504,You can not believe it. I am saying this because as of this moment, it's true.

I'll go through your posts and see what I think after that.MrEevee7,505,[vote] gikkle [/vote]
@GikkleGrones,506,Argh! Well I don't be believing yer disbelief!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,507,

Spoiler: Mark's posts






PREGAME ^
---






























I think these are all of mark's post, did it by hand though so possible I missed one. Going to do a little step by step and assign arbitrary points to each post. These points add up to a fake final score that is entirely real and will determine my read.

Which will come in the next post so I can actually click on the quotes and read them as I'm drafting my response.
---

EDIT: hopefully fixed spoilers
EDIT 2: hopefully fixed spoilers?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,508,The first quarter of the day was rather weak until Mark enters in with his Pandas post, providing evidence to a joke gone awry. Nothing about the post is outstanding towny or scummy wise, although at the time it may have looked as a controversial opinion because of how everyone seemed to be whipped up into a frenzy about Pandas 'scum slip'
+1 Town Points

Asks about Pi pressuring eevee, which is incredibly NAI.

Goes back on his eevee read and admits it's impulsive, agreeing with mito. This I think marks the real end of the Eevee Pandas debate, although people would later also enforce their opinions on it.+1 Town points for admitting fault.

Dislikes a no-lynch, especially honing in on Azimel when at the time there were 4 people actually on the no-lynch train, asking none of them! I'm hesitant to call it tunneling, because it's not quite as aggressive as that, but in a couple posts down still thinks scum team could consist of Azimel, focusing on several things like Azimel considering Pandas to be jester. However, in the thread there were a fair amount of people considering jester as an option, why did Mark latch onto Azimel's posts about that and call it scummy? I feel as if there is some minor tunneling or busing here. +1 Scum points.

(Although looking at skrim's posts, they are rather weak in general, not providing reasoning until after someone calls her out on it bugs me as disinterested at the least and scummy at the most. Either way, NOT GOOD)

Mark continues to attack Azimel for things that other people did as well. +1 scum points. (Half the game was PM/setup speculating. Off the top of my head, Skrim and I did.)

Azimel sets up strawman; the argument continues. I'm now more leaning towards T/S or even T/T. I doubt S/S would use such terrible pushes to bus, and both Azimel and Mark would be fairly coordinated and careful on a bus if this were the case.

Final post is IIoA, heistant to assign scum or town intent to it, but I would argue that seems fairly out of character for him.

Final Score: 2 town points, 2 scum. An Azimel flip would be extremely helpful for resolving Mark; I think. If Az flips scum, Mark's a god-tier townie, because I don't see bussing in this scenario. If Az flips town, I'd hit mark with an investigative or a lynch.

Anyway, my thoughts on Mark. Minor ones on other people that have slipped under my radar.

---
Vizier (Arra): The vibes he gives off seem like someone rusty at mafia, not new. He has played in a couple minis here, but not ones that would justify his knowledge and apparent paranoia about lovers/cupid. I am extremely hesitant to say 'coaching' because that A: make me look like a jerk, and B: has bitten me on the butt of course. It's possible he researched and gained knowledge, and I think that my initial paranoia of 'COACHING?!!?!1!' is unfounded. Slight TR.

Hunter: TR. I have no idea how much Hunter has played before, but I'll assume he's new. He seems townie overwhelmed with learning the game. I think scum would provide more guidance in scum chat if he had rolled wolf. Of course, if Hunter does flip wolf, I think we can assume that wolves are inactive. 

Pi: Pi's town. I just feel it. Gut reasoning is of course bad, but he's acting like he does as town. 

Eevee: I think Eevee is a slight town lean for me, his confusion earlier with Pandas feels genuine. Also I don't think scum eevee naked votes like town does.HunterC98,509,If its anything worth mentioning, I was also aware of a Lovers style of role by Youtube....so that is a full possibilities.Gikkle,510,I'm not sure why you're tagging me specifically when I haven't really interacted with Cj but whatever

Also not sure if you are asking what I think of what you're saying about him or Cj in general

Your analysis is weird
One of your posts is like, why not just ask him why he picked the SR on you out of the others to question. Why make this statement without first asking Cj? Unless you did and I missed it...

I'm not too sure what the point of this analysis is if your conclusion is just "he might be town". Did you have some kind of big SR on him or something and this was supposed to be what made you turn around on that? I don't quite understand why you'd do an analysis on someone and just come up with "his progression MIGHT be natural", unless you strongly SRed them, but I don't see a reason why you would this early. 

Is this supposed to be some kind of test? I genuinely don't understand why you would make this post and not come up with a better conclusion than this.

My opinion on Cj? Idk, I haven't bothered trying to read him. Only people I've formed reads on are Mark(TR), Mito(LTR), Pandas(TR), and Eevee(LSR). Maybe someone else I've forgotten about, idk.Gikkle,511,How come you can't delete post drafts anymore :/Skrimiche,512,i did? p sure i only did it for like 2 posts before realizing it was a dead end

what other info would an azmimel flip give?

because i love you

i
...
hey @CjBeats why did you pick out the SR on me out of the others to question

i thought i had a (lightish?) scumread on him but then i lost confidence in it when i went to look at the posts that pinged me

gosh gikkle dont make me spell it out
it's 'cause im baaad ( ༎ຶ ۝ ༎ຶ )Red_Pandas,513,feeling good, might make 1 singular readGikkle,514,w.shoot Skrimiche
Mmm
Alright
What's your current read on Cj now then? Null? Light TR?
Sorry Red_Pandas,515,what do this meanGikkle,516,Information instead of analysisRed_Pandas,517,well I managed to read an entire ISO without forming any opinions at all
10000 Jelly Doughnuts,518,Information on Pandas. If Azimel flips scum, I'd say its safe to assume Pandas isn't scum.
That happens sometimes :/Skrimiche,519,if 1 is town and 10 is scum, then he's at about a 6Grones,520,Who ye ruffians be lynching?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,521,I'd be fine with a CJ or Azimel lynch for reasons stated somewhere in the thread.

Or you for the memes.HunterC98,522,about 6 hours till the notalynch happens, if someone is intent on going in the gallows, time is a running out..Gikkle,523,I think I'm top wagon rn
idek whyTheHorla,524,Why does gikkle have votes lolHunterC98,525,Oh? Welp, guess the gallows will be claiming a soul.....less folks wise up.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,526,Agreed, looks like some of them are for no reason lolRed_Pandas,527,[unvote][/unvote]TheHorla,528,Really don't understand the case against gikkle (literally none of his posts have registered with me.) Reading back, but until then [vote]No lynch[/vote]HunterC98,529,all i have on Gikkle so far is some very brazen remarks that honestly read as trying to bluff about an assigned role, and as much as i actually wanna vote for him..it just doesnt seem worth lynching in my eyes..Skrimiche,530,not me? ;O

also what
people are voting gikkle?HunterC98,531,A handful are, but right now looks like No lynch is winning.Grones,532,Yarrr! no lynching be a funny!

[vote] no lynch [/vote]TheHorla,533,You going to explain why you were originally on the gikkle wagon and are now switching off?TheHorla,534,Day 1 Votecount:
(4) nolynch: Gikkle, Grones, TheHorla, HunterC98
(1) cjbeats: 10000 Jelly Doughnuts
(2) gikkle: Azmimel, MrEevee7
(1) mreevee7: Skrimiche
(1) chucklenuts: DAREALMoneyMan
(1) mitochondria: Mitochondria
(1) thehorla: Vizier
(2) Not voting: Red_Pandas, CjBeats
The next votecount will be processed in 0.5 hours. You can view this votecount and all previous votecounts in the #votecounts channel in Discord.Grones,535,Methinks he be conspirators along the vile Skrimiche. Their RVS be more rotton than a landlubber's body left at sea.Grones,536,I be opposed to sendin ol' sailor Azimel down ye plankGrones,537,Both o' these 'ere sailors be experienced voyagers. They be from Port Chucklefish. 

Methinks yer Arra read be mighty suspiciousitious, on me grandmother's warts! Ye say ye be disregardin yer paranoia and yer seasickness, an' then ye reckon 'im a loyal sailor. If ye aint factorin in no coaching, none o'that, then what have ye to base yer read o'him? Ye mention but nothin else!TheHorla,538,Expand on this please?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,539,Why?
Yea but if someone starts playing mafia again after a break, it takes them a bit to get in the groove of things.
Also arra’s posted like 15 times, most of them being memes, calm a bit down in asking for a surefire read. I saw one post that was weird and then discounted it when I was being unreasonable.MrEevee7,540,[unvote] [/unvote]MrEevee7,541,Why are we no lynching..?Grones,542,Then why ye be readin 'im as a loyal sailor, instead o' null?Grones,543,erybody be voting Skrimiche off the plank early, an' Gikkle be mighty strange when he be doing it.


These posts be soundin' the bells o' enemy fire, methinks.

Voyagin on, he be letting out mysterious words

An' with no explanation o'er th'horizon

He be a dangerous pirate, methinksAzmimel,544,Reading up right now. One of us should be on for EoD.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,545,I said slight town read. Like so slight it nearly doesn’t matter.Grones,546,Hmmmmmm
Arrrrrrr ye suuurrrre 'bout that? Ye clearrrrly considered it important enough t'include in yer listAzmimel,547,[unvote][/unvote]

I didn't vote at all yesterday, so I'm almost certain that the Gikkle vote is from RVS.



I logged on a couple of minutes after he posted claiming mafia. I think the above is my first post of the day.I guessed this was a ploy by him to get voted, and that sharing the information about his PM was another way to make himself suspicious. It didn't matter to my argument that was he said was the truth or not, what mattered is that he decided to share it with us.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,548,I literally said above it: people who have been slipping under my radar. Smh illiterate pirate.Grones,549,Hmrrrrrr
Arghhhh
I be keepin me good eye on ye, tricksy sea dogRorschach,550,Guys remember to submit your flavors for game B, EOD is coming up and so is the deadline for that. Please submit it in your game B folder excel if possible, that automates things and makes the turnaround a lot quicker.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,551,Oh. Yea I should do that.DAREALMoneyMan,552,Just read and up and things. Not going to bother to give reads on people I didn't pay attention to. Even though I have done it in the past, I am disappointed people aren't following up on stuff they think is scummy just because jester is possible in this game. You guys are better than me!

Azmimel thingy



Spoiler: Full ISO




























































Spoiler: Notable Posts




Reported for bad takes. You are trying to rationalize his scummy behavior via "oh maybe post modifier!" 
I'd like to mention that I didn't find what Panda said about his pm not including his faction was scummy! If it was true, I feel like the other scum mates would notice, given the team follows the typical 1:4 ratio, they were missing someone. Back on topic, if you say he was being so scummy (even if obvious), why are you attempting to find an excuse for him (oh, he is probably Jester, or has a post modifier). Just because it is possible in the game does not mean you value it over dayplay. ALSO, a post modifier making you act scummy is stupid and I don't see Machine adding it. You could then chalk off all scummy behaviors to the modifier.
Because it was a joke? He was making light of the situtation?
Take note for later (referring to Panda).
It is always RVS for Panda (but I agree we shouldn't pass things off just because they say "oH it was RVS!"). You say here that you don't think he is towny, and referring to above post you said he was either village idiot or neutral. Thus, you think he is neutral in your own words. If you really thought he was neutral, why aren't you trying to see what type of neutral he is or voting him!
Town points here.

I have done this along with many other people in many other games. It is an obvious joke I:
NAI!! I don't think admitting that you made a boo boo is alignment indicative.
Refer to the post above x2
Well I don't think he really needed to say it was a joke considering it was obvious.
Too lazy to see what you are responding to here :/
Already said why this is stupid!



[vote]Azmimel[/vote]

I am also suspicious of Cj and Panda but I have other things to do. Like Bike. And Eat. And SleepDAREALMoneyMan,553,Also Mark you should give me the ISO bot!TheHorla,554,I am too tired to keep arguing here but this is another strawman. I am saying that if panda did not know his alignment, then him posting "I don't have an alignment" is obviously NAI. If you think he is lying for some reason, that is a different argument (and closer to the one you made.) When reading pandas, it matters what you thought his PM read; that is why I said you were speculating about his PM.Rorschach,555,Ryast has the ISO bot, not Mark.TheHorla,556,Ryast posted a link in #announcementsSkrimiche,557,why me owo
your post elaborating on this only had gikkle quotes

do you think azmimel & pandas are on the same scumteam or different scum alignmentsGrones,558,Gikkle be voting ye, then he be opposed t'me voting ye. It be worrying, like an ill tide.MrEevee7,559,Is there a reason were no lynching..?HunterC98,560,cause most everyone who was willing to lynch has either no voted or unvoted.Grones,561,Nightfall be in 10 minutesGrones,562,Arrrr! I be wrrrrrong! 50 minutes!Red_Pandas,563,[vote] no-lynch [/vote]
why notGrones,564,[vote] panda [/vote] 
I be a wacky pirateSkrimiche,565,bruh you made me panicHunterC98,566,I made myself panic..i thought i missed it.Skrimiche,567,[vote]no-lynch[/vote]Mitochondria,568,Refuse to vote for a D1 no lynch on principle so uh

[vote] Skrim [/vote]Mitochondria,569,Actually nah, I think Skrim's fine

[vote] Gikkle [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,570,Why Gikkle?Gikkle,571,i'm a good boi
I just like human flesh, nothing wrong with thatMitochondria,572,Bad gut feel, didn't do much of anything today, no other targets I feel strongly about right now.Mitochondria,573,Actually that's a lie, my pet theory is that Pi's scum but y'all ain't ready for that discussion yetDAREALMoneyMan,574,SameDAREALMoneyMan,575,Wait- why are we no lynching? Meh.Grones,576,I'lla turn'a you into'a pasta lasagna mama miaHunterC98,577,captain....who is this italian dude?TheHorla,578,Oh I'm ready for that discussion!


Re: today's lynch, fine with no lynch since the gikkle wagon is really weak and I'm not confident in anyone else (even azmimel) to eliminate.Rorschach,579,Esther is wheeled into the large room by a rather tall butler fellow, his tailcoats hovering so as not to touch the floor, and he carefully unfolds a little table and places it in the center of the room.

"You really chose not to lynch anyone?" Esther says distastefully, her eyes narrowing, eyelids you never knew were there stretching to do so. "You are all fools. You have one minute to kill someone. Or else." She says, as the butler places a large shotgun on the table. 

The first player to reply to this post with [SHOOT] @Player [/SHOOT] will take the gun and kill the player they tag.Grones,580,Who arrrrrre ye an' what ye done to th'real MarkTheHorla,581,Ever since gikkle and I got stats on our D1 lynch record, I've come around pretty hard in favour of D1 no-lynching when we have zero clue what to do. We used to NL all the time (and had a decent track record back then) - we should revive the practice!Grones,582,ARGHHH NOBODY TAKE TH'GUNGrones,583,IF ANY O' YE USE TH'GUN I BE HUNTIN' FOR YE TILL THE END O' ME DAYSRorschach,584,"Well? I'm waiting. If you do not do it, I will kill three of you where you stand." Esther says tersely.Gikkle,585,[SHOOT]@Rorschach[/SHOOT]TheHorla,586,Yeah, anyone who uses this gun without discussion gets lynched today.Grones,587,AAAAAAAAAADAREALMoneyMan,588,Can we kill Azmel Grones,589,AAAAAAAAAARRRDAREALMoneyMan,590,WE NEED TO CHOOSE SOMEONE OR 3 MORE DIE - I DON'T WANT TO DIEETheHorla,591,Everyone, relax. 

If machine wants us to lynch someone, then we'll do it. Do not shoot.Gikkle,592,kinda wanna shoot skrim... Not for any good reason, I've just always wanted to do it in a proper mafia game instead of a wolfia game...DAREALMoneyMan,593,but what if I shot scum :>Rorschach,594,There is no Rorschach in the game.Grones,595,How about I shoot ye, ye scalleywagGikkle,596,what happens if I shoot myselfDAREALMoneyMan,597,guys there is 1 minute until eod so we dont have time to change the wagon from no lynchGrones,598,RIP 3 people arrrrrghDAREALMoneyMan,599,I rather that then 3 random people dyingGikkle,600,[SHOOT]@Gikkle[/SHOOT]

LETS GOOORorschach,601,You lose the game if you shoot yourself.

EOD was 15 minute ago. Welcome to twilight.Grones,602,NOOOOOOOO ARGHHHGikkle,603,Great!Rorschach,604,Action not submitted properly.Grones,605,[shoot]@Mitochondria[/shoot]
GIKKLE WHY ARGHHHDAREALMoneyMan,606,WHY10000 Jelly Doughnuts,607,oh shoot, no pun intended.Gikkle,608,[SHOOT] @Gikkle [/SHOOT]DAREALMoneyMan,609,watch as mito is scum though lmaoGrones,610,I BE SO CONFUSED HELP MEEEEEGrones,611,NO 
ARGHHH STOP WHYYYYGikkle,612,You didn't do it correctly either, you fool!

SEE Y'ALL IN THE AFTERLIFE

IT'S BETTER THAN SLOWLY WALKING FOR ETERNITY TOWARDS MY ROOMDAREALMoneyMan,613,why has my post count in twilight been triple than that of dayGrones,614,[SHOOT] @Mitochondria [/SHOOT]

Arghhh! TAKE MINE NOT GIKKLE I BE THE CAP'NTheHorla,615,...Grones,616,MITO BE SCUM YARR HARR HARRGrones,617,Arghhh I be blamin' Gikkle 
He be an agent o' chaos, a bombardier10000 Jelly Doughnuts,618,What the heck was that?1Grones,619,GIKKLE BE TOWN IF HE BE SHOOTIN' 'IMSELF 

I BE SAVIN A LOYAL SAILOR ABOARD THIS VESSEL10000 Jelly Doughnuts,620,I meant with mito, but honestly thanks for the explanation for town gikkle too?TheHorla,621,gikkle is town right lol

like

there's no wayRorschach,622,
Gikkle and Grones rush for the gun, however, Grones is just a bit faster, pulling the gun out and aiming it at @Mitochondria.

The gun explodes in his face, and @Grones topples to the ground.






"That's better." Esther says. "Perhaps this will teach the rest of you to be more decisive." She says, gesturing as the butler wheels her out of the room, picking up the gun from the corpse of Grones as they pass.

Day 1 has ended.Gikkle,623,I have a thick shell skull, I can take it!Grones,624,If Gikkle be shootin' 'imself, he be violatin' the CODE! He be breakin 'is wincon, so the 'eavens be strikin 'im down in MODKILL

but he be shootin' 'imself

a negative times a negative be a positive YARRRRR 

HE LIVES!
@Rorschach LET 'IM LIVEGikkle,625,c'mon man!TheHorla,626,jfcGrones,627,????
GIKKLE BE FIRST YARRRRAzmimel,628,EXCUSE ME 

wtfGrones,629,@Rorschach Gikkle actually shot and formatted correctly before me, though.Gikkle,630,I am canonically the slowest person in this game. I will probably not make it to my room until September/October.DAREALMoneyMan,631,no role flip?Gikkle,632,^ this

I shot myself fair and square! Let it happen!Grones,633,day is over no more discussion!!!!Rorschach,634,Night has started. No further game discussion is allowed. I did not make any errors.Rorschach,635,Forgot to add the song to the Start of Night Post.
Updated.Grones,636,@Rorschach title btwRorschach,637,As you all begin to enter the main dining area for breakfast, you recognize an old, surprisingly not dead face. @Grones was fortunate, and the gunshot blast was not fatal. On the other hand... @MrEevee7 will not be joining you. Not only are both of his left legs missing, but he is in fact, dead. The poor centaur.

The stench of death is strong. There's a raven sitting on the tables. Dead. A nametag on it indicates that its name was "Clive."
A note from Esther sits with it. "Don't disappoint me today. Or I will make sure you are disappointed in yourselves."



Spoiler: MrEevee7 Flip



Virgil the Centaur, the Village Lie Detecting Oracular Vigilante



I hope you enjoy your breakfast as the sun rises...

Day will end at 4:30 PM EST on Sunday, August 8th, with a Twilight of 1.5 hours.Skrimiche,638,uh ohhhhRed_Pandas,639,that seems that it would be powerfulGikkle,640,I've totally forgotten basically everything that happened in this game

Who did we suspect again? Mito?Azmine,641,Pi, did anything happen while you were "dead"Azmimel,642,you’re on the wrong accountAzmimel,643,Wow that's crazyHunterC98,644,Oh captain my captain, are you still alive?TheHorla,645,How does Oracular work?Red_Pandas,646,by miracle, probably caused by him being coolRorschach,647,Ask question, receive answer.TheHorla,648,Was the scope of the questions limited in any way?Rorschach,649,
HunterC98,650,Answer it NOBALLSGikkle,651,Isoing myself to jog my memory as to what has happened


Spoiler: my posts












































Gikkle,652,Mark/Pandas/Grones I guess are my TRs for today? Idk I'm going with my past self

I also apparently TRed Mito but idk whyGikkle,653,ISOing Eevee for nk analysis purposes


Spoiler: Eevee ISO






























Gikkle,654,Eevee's main contribution was pushing Pandas
Some shade thrown on Mito at some point too but nothing significantGikkle,655,[VOTE]Pandas[/VOTE]

carrying on my boy eevee's legacy!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,656,The pandas argument isn't really strong at all. I wouldn't think mafia would go and try to frame Pandas by killing eevee when the read was mediocre.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,657,I'm honestly confused about the NK in general. Eevee is usually lynchbait, not a NK. What is mafia doing?Gikkle,658,Doesn't your second sentence support the pandas argument
They aren't gonna be trying to frame him, so the only real reason to kill Eevee is to silence him if pandas is scumGikkle,659,In what game was eevee killed n1 because mafia was purposefully doing weird kills
Can anyone remind meMitochondria,660,I'm gonna be honest, I forgot everything that was happening in this game

Big wtf to Pi for trying to kill me when I wasn't on at the very end of the last day phase, not a fan of that play at all. Personal feelings about getting merc'd aside, it was super impulsive and, imo, big scum energy to make a move like that.Grones,661,I lived *****Grones,662,Yarrr ye be scumGrones,663,No yarrrrrGrones,664,It was be to save Gikkle and 3 townies yarrrr

Ye be scumAzmimel,665,Any thoughts beyond thatGrones,666,The mutineers be cowards n killed a sailor who ne'er voted a soul. We be hardp'essed t'read this 'ere kill.Grones,667,He be scum
I be a soulreadin cap'nTheHorla,668,I am backAzmimel,669,I mean you soulread jelly last game so I'm almost inclined to believe you.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,670,Ah. Yea. Whoops. Sorry. Yea. That's what I mean.Rorschach,671,Hi back, I'm dad.Red_Pandas,672,Ngl I would probably be the mafia member that would be the most sacrifice-able
I don't think mafia would want to keep ,me alone so much they kill eevee just for having a slight scum read on me
if I had a powerful role maybe
but I dont think that would be the entire reason the kill happenedAzmimel,673,This post reeks of town idkGrones,674,Mafia most likely be lookin at votes
Eevee be a no-voter
they be killin 'imTheHorla,675,Sorry just quoting this post as a test10000 Jelly Doughnuts,676,What do you mean?Azmimel,677,Why would they want to kill a novoter?Grones,678,Mafia be wishin' t'lay low. They be murderin' sailors who 'ave no strong reads. Eevee ended day on no vote, yarrr!Grones,679,This be no hypothetical. Look'er at the vote counts, ye scalleywag. Eevee be never votin.Azmimel,680,Yes, but what's your pointCjBeats,681,Did not most of the lads and ladies within this establishment either not vote or vote for a no-lynch? I do not think voting is the right way to look at this.Grones,682,-_-
Ye be intentionally obtuse, yarrrrAzmimel,683,Probably, it's kinda lateGrones,684,The laws o' this ship, the Game C, be dictatin' that any sailor that be killed, be a loser. If ye wish to win this 'ere voyage, ye live. The wincons be different, and we be no-lynchin'.Red_Pandas,685,why?Red_Pandas,686,I didn't post yesterday when I first read stuff but Gikkle's vote on me purely off of continuing Eevee's legacy
it just doesn't seem like something a town would actually doRed_Pandas,687,I like azmimels posts tbhRed_Pandas,688,It feels like Eevee was pretty controversial yesterday and slightly scum read so I'm confused on why scum decided to kill EeveeRed_Pandas,689,sorry for the quintuple post O_O

I kiiiind of don't like Skrim's posts, but not enough to feel like it deserves a scumread
I think I need some others thoughts for this read
what do y'all think of Skrim?Grones,690,Ye be right, we be sendin her off the plank10000 Jelly Doughnuts,691,What’s up with Skrim?Grones,692,/shrug
YarrCjBeats,693,/shrug?Red_Pandas,694,I was thinking something a bit more specific but I guess that worksGrones,695,I be messin' with Pandas
He may be a mutineer, methinks 
"Skrimiche should die maybe? Thoughts?" 
Be the mutineer words.Red_Pandas,696,that is an extreme misinterpretation of my words, captain.Grones,697,A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P 
a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p 


yarr!Grones,698,YarrrRed_Pandas,699,yeah but then that makes it confusing to quoteGikkle,700,who da heck tripped over me last nightGikkle,701,@Red_Pandas what are your reads?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,702,Was that you lol?CjBeats,703,What doth thou mean trip?Skrimiche,704,you forgot why you scumread me, didnt youGikkle,705,was it you, Jelly?!! Very rude!CjBeats,706,Pwease Gikkle wikkle, expwain to wittle ole me.Gikkle,707,someone tripped over me CjBeats,708,I do not understand.Gikkle,709,you don't need to.CjBeats,710,HmmGrones,711,Yarrrr, I be questionin' the importance o' this voyage 

I propose a nolynch again! Yarrr!
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Gikkle,712,can't believe mafia chose eevee to lose first
they must hate eevee personally, since he wasn't even that big of a voice
wow mafia, so rude10000 Jelly Doughnuts,713,Look, I didn't mean to.Gikkle,714,I also got a pillow last night, thanks to whoever gave that to me. much comfy.Red_Pandas,715,any apparent consequences or effects?
Almost no reads tbh, but so far Pi TR and Azmimel slight tr
Pi we have to get flip info at SOME point
Agreed
any effects?Azmimel,716,Not a single sr?Red_Pandas,717,Nope, not one!Red_Pandas,718,Money has barely posted and the only post he seemed to put effort into is just weak arguments against already weak-ish points
it's not like bad-bad so I'm not sure if it is enough to make me feel like a possible S!Money or not
but it is thereRed_Pandas,719,this isn't responding to Azmimel's question, this is cause I JUST looked at Money's postsGikkle,720,who we killinTheHorla,721,[vote]Grones[/vote]

Still very loopy right now, but my reasoning right now is something like this:
- voting no lynch on D1 is an actually sound idea, but voting no lynch on D2 is bad
- him picking up the gun and shooting mito was actually really scummy
- gonna say that still being alive after being blown up is kinda scummy, despite his (feigned?) surprise todayTheHorla,722,The flip side of this argument, though, is that shooting another player is a better play than shooting yourself. Obviously what gikkle did was super townie, but he had a 100% chance of killing town; from town-pi's perspective, he had a 1/4 chance of hitting scum, which is better odds than gikkle's play.

The other tinfoil theory is that gikkle is scum, knew the thing was harmless, and shot himself for town points, but that strikes me as super unlikely.

Still overall, decent scumread on grones for now; I'll keep my vote here for now.Red_Pandas,723,I have no ideaRed_Pandas,724,The forced killing at EoD had almost no hints beforehand possibly revealing it, Mafia would almost never know whether it was real/fake unless Esther (or whoever the person was, I think thats who) is working with the mafia.
I feel like Gikkle self-shot would be extremely risky of a play from scum so that makes me feel like it was a town move.
I would have to check back but if Pi had an SR on Mito it can make sense from a town PoV
however from what I remember, and saw from reading back for reads, Mito wasn't his strongest SR at least from appearance, as compared to people like Skrim and Gikkle (iirc)

Decent point though overall, I didn't do much speculating on pi's shots so this could be a very possible thing
This also makes sense
also I keep forgetting that pi got blown up by itharass,725,never knew a new mafia game was going on
/backupTheHorla,726,I mean, I don't want to speculate too much since there's just a chance the thing was harmless for anyone. But it's a big ??? why he's still here

I also have some thoughts about his actual reads but I really need sleep, I'll post them asap tomorrow; hopefully we can get decent discussion in the last 12ish hours or so and get a decent lynchTheHorla,727,Oh yeah I forgot lol

Grones is voting no lynch even after what happened yesterday

Machine sent a clear message that no lynches -> bad, and grones is basically going "yeah let's touch that hot poker again yarrrr"Grones,728,I be forgivin Mark's votes o' me since he be dyin' and recoverin', from his landlubber vaccine.Grones,729,Also, Mito be scum.CjBeats,730,Then why not vote him instead of a no lynch?Red_Pandas,731,[VOTE] Grones [/VOTE] igGrones,732,Pandas and Mito be scum, methinks

Panda be a timid scum, he be saying this





He never be taking strong stances aboard his vessel. He be test th'waters, lookin' through a glass t'see if fellow mutineers be with 'im. 

Mito/Panda/Someone else 
Mutineerers! 

[vote] Panda [/vote]Red_Pandas,733,I never have strong stances on anything in mafia
this isnt a new thingGrones,734,Maybe so, but ye be testin' th'water to mislynch POOR SKRIMICHE YARRRRRRed_Pandas,735,"I kiiiind of don't like Skrim's posts, but not enough to feel like it deserves a scumread"
as in
"I don't have a Skrim SR because their posts aren't quite bad enough"
also don't you have a Skrim SR?Grones,736,No, I be spurrin ye on t'see what ye do
I be naked votin Skrimiche, and ye went "ok cool". That be tellin' me ye perfectly good with her bein' thrown o'erboard. If ye didn't SR her, why ye be sayin:
Hmmm? 
Yerrrrrr a scum one! Mr Grinch!Red_Pandas,737,I was trying to say "maybe elaborate on why"
worded in a passive-aggressive kind of wayGikkle,738,Why are y'all voting Grones10000 Jelly Doughnuts,739,Money's busy rn.

Pandas reads are a bit sheepish imo, I could see a scum pandas. Placeholder vote, so I don’t get punished if I didn’t vote.

Sorry, busy today. Might be on before EOD but I don’t see it. 

[Vote]Pandas[/Vote]TheHorla,740,I actually agree on the pandas read but why is Mito scum lolGrones,741,Gut and this post
YarrrrTheHorla,742,I'm a bit more sane now fyi

It's kinda suspicious that jelly is parroting pi's vote JUST as I vote grones, which I did not expect

So I see sorta two possible scum teams: pandas/azmine or jelly/piTheHorla,743,That post is fine? I would scumread you if you shot me. And Mito has barely done anything so no idea how you can have a gut read on them in any direction.Grones,744,One death wasn't enough for these mutineer traitors yarrrGrones,745,T H E G U T 

Y A R RRed_Pandas,746,Mark made some posts about it
who am I sheeping with my votes though?
that post is fine?
gut is not enough hereRed_Pandas,747,with my reads*Red_Pandas,748,im pretty sure all my reads are original except the Pi read which ofc is because of markTheHorla,749,Yeah pandas is wheeling votes iirc, he's just being super underconfidentGikkle,750,Oh wait people only lose the game when they are lynched? Not when nked I guess according to the wording of the ruleTheHorla,751,Should read "isn't sheeping"Gikkle,752,Spring has sprung?Azmimel,753,S-Skrim is scum?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,754,Okay on lunch (not lynch, phone) break. Let me explain my pandas read, because I didn’t even see pi’s post really in depth.

Pandas feels noncommittal in any of his reads, which isn’t AI in itself, but then he asks about Cash. Cash, who is out of the game entirely rn, has been immune to lynches and what not afaik, and tries to get suspicion on him. That’s something pretty hard to miss, and I feel like pandas is trying to make a distraction somehow. Therefore scum.

Pi’s scummy too imo, but I have that weird feeling he could be jester and hope someone would be kind enough to kill him.Azmimel,755,oh we’re doing this again, are we?Azmimel,756,From machine on the discord

"
@Player i am making the executive decision to extend day 24 hours due to some housekeeping issues I need to deal with potentially preventing me from having internet during day end.

Day will now end at 4:45 on Monday, with a twilight of 1.5 hours. 

Game B will start 15 minutes after twilight ends in games A&C.
"Mitochondria,757,[vote] Pi [/vote]

Barring a dramatic new development, my vote's probably not moving. Mark kinda stole my thunder, but here are the main reason's Pi's probably scum:
-Again, the gun play was terrible. I'm biased, yeah, but I've never been in a situation where someone's been killed right at EoD when they can't defend themselves by town. Huge town points for Gikkle for his response; Gikkle, if you're scum then congrats, you pocketted me.

-Voting for someone immediately after Mark called him out for no lynching is a bad look imo. I also think it's odd he went for Pandas instead of me (and the no lynch instead of me yesterday) considering half his posts are about he soulreads me as scum. Why is he shading me (and trying to daykill me lol) instead of getting a wagon going?

-As I said yesterday, Pi's D1 play was blegh. I can go back through the posts and find examples of all these things if anyone really wants, but I remember disliking how much he was/is controlling the thread and discussion (shooting down discussion topics he didn't like, e.g. some CJ/Jelly (?) argument from yesterday, trying to railroad my death at EoD yesterday, etc.). My pet theory is that the pirate modifier's faked so he can seem more entertaining (thus more townie) and get away with having leaps in logic by blaming misinterpretations of his post on the modifier.

Unrelated question but @Gikkle was your human flesh problem resolved last night?Grones,758,Machine be threatenin t'kill 3 people. Gikkle conftown. You? Probably scum. Yarrrr it be the best play aboard the vessel


Gettin' ye lynched be a fool's errand. easier t'get yer fellow mutineer.



Idk what this be meanin' so I be ignorin' it.

I be willin' t'hop off th'plank, but absolutely kill Mito and Panda after I flip Town yarrrr harrrGrones,759,This lynch o'me be very strrrrange. Scum motivated, obviously. Mito and Panda be needin' t'die, ye landlubbers'll see. Yarrrrrr

Last scum (if there) be unknown t'me.Grones,760,NoGrones,761,My role be verrrrrrry scummy so I be not claimin even if I be fixin' t'die. If I die, I die. I won't be winnin even if town be winnin' but I be biased, anywhoo, so do be sendin Mito and Panda off th'boat when I be gone.

Rid me o'this cursed post modifier
[vote] Panda [/vote]Red_Pandas,762,When did I ask about cash
the person I actually asked about was Skrim, Cash is just the one who I have the least of a read on out of the players I've looked at.
I actually have been forgetting that Cash is immune to stuff, but I don't even want to Lynch them so that shouldn't even matter right now
Don't use the extremely slim possibility of a jester to avoid a Lynch on them
If you could explain why he's more scummy then you that would be great
If you think there are 2 scum you know of it shouldn't matter much who you decide to kill
this doesn't make sense from town
What is this
Bad
ScummyRed_Pandas,763,Anyone else find it extremely weird that Gikkle is just now theorizing about this, instead of on day 1?

(also just noticed @Rorschach thread title is incorrect I think)Grones,764,I don't really wanna reply to this bc none of the things you said mean anything
I feel like youre purposefully misunderstanding my posts or just asking questions to appear like you're open to changing your mind, when you really just want a mislynch.

Anyways, imma dip for rest of day because I don't really understand what game C is even for? And with Mark and Mito trying to get me lynched, I'm probably dead anyways, which ofc means I lose the game and idc about town winning if I lose, cuz im a wacky selfish biatch. Anywhoo, kill Panda and Mito afterwards.

Yarrrr!Rorschach,765,When they die.Rorschach,766,Shhhhh nooooo its perfect definitely says Day 2Gikkle,767,The fact you find it weird is weird because I just went back to look at the rules and that's why I'm talking about it lolGikkle,768,I still have a craving for human flesh, but I wouldn't call it a problem.Skrimiche,769,grones town
won't be on for most of today (or this week in general tbh) but let it be known!Skrimiche,770,grones town bc he's not acting like he does as scum (from what i remember, anyways; dont rly use/pay attention to meta personally)Red_Pandas,771,You're dodging everything I said in the post, by saying I'm misunderstanding your posts. (If we're both misunderstanding each other this much that would be bad but I don't see exactly how I'm misunderstanding what you're saying.)
If you really think I'm misunderstanding your posts in a way that's harmful to the town right now, you should be correcting what you said or what I misunderstood about it. If I'm getting everything wrong I really would like to know that.
Also referring to me voting someone I SR as "wanting a mislynch" is very scummy to say imo
I can't even explain how bad this sounds
Hm, must be me then.
I just feel like half-way through D2 is a weird time to be looking back at the rules
This doesn't make sense to meTheHorla,772,Reading upRorschach,1,[No mods this is not a duplicate it makes sense if you play the game. I'm sorry that my initial setup looks like spam. We'll be using all three threads. They're not the same.]






The rain falls steadily, the castle rising up.

The carriage we follow in this wet muck sprays up mud every few yards or so, drenching any passerby more than they were before. The rickety shaft of the undercarriage creaks and groans, before the vehicle eventually comes to a stop, the horses pulling it whinnying in annoyance.

Yet another dark carriage in the line tonight, outside the front gate. Some of their inhabitants were invited and came readily...others...not so much.
Thrown in like sacks of potatoes. Today the thunder does not rush across the landscape. For this is a sad day. This is a day someone dies.

This is Mafia.

Please read the following information carefully. Many rules are not the same, and the setup is atypical from what you are familiar with. Do not sign up until you have read how to sign up.



Spoiler: What is Mafia?



Mafia is all about lies and charisma, or at least synthesized charisma. The game typically follows a cycle of discussion whereupon a player is voted out of the game, followed by a cycle where silence reigns, and players may submit their actions which could include such types of things as protection, killing, or investigation.

The game is normally composed of 2 main factions, an uninformed majority, traditionally referred to as "town" or "village," and an informed minority known as "mafia" or "wolves." The wolves' goal is to equal or outnumber the townies, while the town's goal is to eliminate all wolves.

Sometimes there are additional alignments, such as additional mafia factions, or third party roles which can win with any side, or with nobody else.






Spoiler: The General Rules



These rules do not follow a priority system. They are considered sacred, and will not take precedence over one another. These rules may be pre-empted by more game-specific rules, but unless you are explicitly told otherwise either in an official DM by me, or by a specific rule governing a thread posted by me, these rules are hard and fast.

Obey all rules associated with the forum.
Do not discuss the game outside of this thread or host-approved DMs.
Play towards you or your alignments win condition.
Do not post anything in the thread after you die. Memes are fine, as long as they are not game related in any way.
Do not post game related stuff during the cycle at which actions are traditionally resolved. (This is normally referred to as a "night" phase.)
Do not post anything I send you in a DM in any way. This includes copy-pasting, screenshotting or capturing images in any other way. I will give you explicit permission if you are allowed to share something. Otherwise, assume you are not.
Paraphrasing things is fine.
You may not delete your posts, nor edit the post such that the content of the post's meaning is changed. This means only fix grammatical or spelling mistakes if you are editing your posts.
This game will be run across three threads. You will only need to keep track of 2, and only one of those two will have discussion at a time. (Traditionally referred to as a "day" phase.)
As a moderator, I am not bound to always tell the truth. I will avoid lying where possible, but to keep the integrity of the setup, it may necessitate explicitly lying about certain functionalities until they have been triggered.
Nights will be action phases, while days will be discussion phases.
Alignments in other threads are not indicative of alignments in this thread, and vice-versa.
I will not respond to in thread tags.
I will not answer questions in thread.
I will not read questions in thread.
I will respond to my oldest DMed question first. So if you spitfire, sorry it's just I gotta handle the load in one order or another.
You may not discuss a different game in a different thread. (No discussing Game A in Game B's thread.)
This includes Game A/C Combos. Even if you're not playing in both, you may not discuss the one you're not in in your host thread.

I could lie and say that flavor isn't alignment indicative, but that would be a lie. Flavor could be alignment indicative. Or role indicative. Or both.
Duplicates are possible. Even flavor duplicates.

Vote ties are not necessarily handled the same way cycle to cycle or game to game. If not specified at the start of a cycle, assume that it is whoever was at the higher number of votes the longest.
If Player A has 8 votes and Player B has 7 votes, then someone votes player B, player A is still lynched.
If instead someone unvotes player A, player A is still lynched.

No roles are banned from play. This includes OG Jester which kills everyone when it wins.
The bot is doing vote counts. (Thanks Mark.)
Due to the nature of the setup, hydras are discouraged but not outlawed.
THERE IS NOT DEAD CHAT. 
THERE IS NO SPECTATOR'S CHAT.
YOU DO NOT RECEIVE THE ROLE LIST UPON DEATH. 
YOU MAY NOT DISCUSS THE GAME UPON DEATH.




The following three spoilers will discuss specific rules that are different between the three concurrent games. Signing up for game A or game C will also sign you up for game B.


Spoiler: Rules: Game A



As with the previous rules section, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game A's thread specifically.

The capacity of players in this thread must be at a maximum, one less than the capacity of players in Game C. For preference, this game will have two less players than Game C. It runs most optimally with 9 or more players.
Being lynched in this game means you lose the game. Winners get to live to tell about it. Losers do not.
The game follows a traditional layout of Day Discussion and Night Actions. Cycles will last approximately 48 hours each (Night=48hrs, Day=48hrs), but will be updated at the start of each cycle to clarify as needed.
The order of operations for this game is hidden. As such, you will not receive it if asking.
The "town," or uninformed majority faction will be referred to as the mafia. The informed minority will be referred to under any of the following names: "werewolf," "sleeper agent," "wolf,"or "machine why is this so unnecessarily confusing"






Spoiler: Rules: Game B



As with the previous rules sections, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game B's thread specifically.

The capacity of players in this thread is at a minimum the summation of the number of players in Games A & C.
Atypical of traditional mafia games, the discussion phase will be referred to as "Night" while the action phase will be referred to as "Day." Cycles will last 48 hours each. (Day will be 48 hours, Night will be 48 hours)
This game will start on "Day 1," meaning it will start on an action phase.
No roles will be handed out for this game until the end of Day 1's cycle. Roles will be assigned as follows:
During Day 1, you will choose a player in the game, and a flavor for them. A role will be assigned based upon that flavor.
Flavors should be something you would borrow or rent from a library or archive. This could include any of the following types of items:
Books
Movies
Music
Journalism
Photography
Or others...

You may not choose yourself as the player to receive the flavor.
You may not coordinate to ensure that everyone receives a flavor. Some books are not yet written...
If a player receives multiple flavors, they may experience any of the following:
Be given the option to select one.
Automatically redirect the flavor onto someone else.
Receive all flavors as their flavor.








Spoiler: Rules: Game C



As with the previous rules sections, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game C's thread specifically.

The capacity of players for this thread is at a minimum, one more than those in Game A. It works best, however, with 11 or more players.
If you are lynched in this game, you are considered to have lost. Winners get to eat cake, and the dead do not eat...or do they?
The game follows a traditional layout of Day Discussion and Night Actions. Cycles will last approximately 48 hours each (Night=48hrs, Day=48hrs), but will be updated at the start of each cycle to clarify as needed.
The rules for this game are subject to update. At the start of each day or night, any updates will be shared in that start post.






Spoiler: Links to Games A, B, & C



Game A
Game B
Game C





Spoiler: Important Mod Posts



PreGame: Flavor Announcements
Day 1 Start
Day 1 End
Night 1 Start
Day 2 Start



Game C:


Spoiler: Living Players



@Gikkle
@10000 Jelly Doughnuts
@Azmimel
@Grones
@Skrimiche
@Red_Pandas
@DAREALMoneyMan
@Mitochondria
@TheHorla
@HunterC98
@CjBeats
@Vizier





Spoiler: Dead Players



@MrEevee7 (Night 1)





Spoiler: Backups



@Venusaur
@Illwei





Spoiler: Spectators



Thaum is the only person allowed to spectate.





Spoiler: Previous Games



Game I
Game II - Minecraft Edition
Game III - Minecraft Mobs
Game IV - Blitz Mafia
Game V - Food Mafia
Game VI - Music Mafia
Game VII - Super Smash Bros
Game VIII - Pokemon
Game IX - Terraria Edition
Game X - Mega Walls
Game XI - Video Game Music Mafia
Game XII - Yu-Gi-Oh
Game XIII - Time Travel Mafia
Game XIV - Night of the Living Goo’s
Game XV - The Library
Game XVI - Kits and Classes U-Pick
Game XVII - Star Wars
Game XVIII - Greater Idea Mafia
Game XIX - Comic Book Edition
Game XX - Chaos Rising
Game XXI - Final Fantasy: ExDeath’s Summon
Game XXII - Hypixel Mafia Players Mafia
Game XXIII - Night of the Living Goos: Part 2
Game XXIV - Pokemon Edition
Game XXVI - Murder in the Northlands
Game XXVII - Video Games
Game XXVIII - Desolate
Game XXIX - Amusement Park Mafia
Game XXX - Restaurant Mafia
Game XXXI - Night of the Living Goo’s Part 3
Game XXXII - Mark’s Hydra Hell
Game XXXIII - Alliance Mafia
Game XXXIV - Ancient Rome Mafia
Game XXXV - Space Mafia
Game XXXVI - Summer Vacation
Game XXXVII - Dawn of War (DnD)
Game XXV - Hypixel Mafia Players Mafia 2
Game XXXVIII - Applying to College
Mini-Mafia 3: Logical Fallacies Edition
Game XXXIX - Evolution Mafia
Game XL - Don’t Starve Mafia
Game XLI - Historical Figures U-Pick
Game XLII - The Suffering Game
Game XLIII - Minecraft Mafia
Mini-mafia 4: King Edition
Mini-mafia 5: Chess Edition
Mini-mafia 6: Meme Mafia 1
Game XLIV - Finale
Game XLV - Year Long Mafia
Mini-mafia 7: Ryast’s Mini
Mini-mafia 8: Jojo’s Bizarre Mafia
Mini-mafia 9: Persona 5
Mini-mafia 10: Kirby’s Mafia Adventure
Mini-mafia 11: Meme Mafia 2
Mini-mafia 12: Playing Cards
Mini-mafia 13: Profound Mafia
Game XLVI - DEFCON Mafia
Game XLVII - A Forgotten Temple
Game XLVIII - Halloween in January
Game XLIX - Mafia Hotel
Game L - A Test of Faith
Game LI - Evolution Mafia 2
Mini-mafia 14: Operating Room
Mini-mafia 15: Diffusion of Power
Mini-mafia 16: Simulation Mafia
Game LII: Conspiracy Mafia
Game LIII: The Legend of Zelda Mafia


TheHorla,2,What's Carpe Jugulum?Rorschach,3,Seize the throat.Azmine,4,HypeGrones,5,Game CDAREALMoneyMan,6,Why is Ryast in both games A and C Grones,7,Shouldn't this be Game C? Also, why is Ryast in both games A and C?Rorschach,8,Cause I'm not very good at hitting backspace a ton of times after copy/paste decides to put an extra space between every line.Rorschach,9,Rectified.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,10,Let's go!Rorschach,11,HOKIES!!!

BA DA DA DA DA DA DAAAAAAAAAAAAAA DUMMMMMMMHunterC98,12,Welp, the games are fixing to begin eh?TheHorla,13,Quick test here:

[vote]mark[/vote]DAREALMoneyMan,14,Quick, hammer mark pregame

[vote]mark[/vote]TheHorla,15,[vote]ryast89[/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,16,Pregame RVS?Skrimiche,17,eRorschach,18,




Esther surveys the room from her high backed chair, her gaunt frame unnerving. The room is littered with damp sacks, some of you climbing out of them. Some of you have been here for a while, chatting idly over tea. In the center of the room is a large cage, covered in a cloth, something rattling at it from the inside. 

"Welcome...to the game. Everyone. You have been briefed on the rules, and if not...well. They are publicly available to you." Esther says, pulling out a pen and holding it, pointing to a bulletin on the wall with the rules. "When you choose who to lynch for today, Chef says he's on vacation. So unfortunately we'll just have to drop them in there." She says, smiling thinly, pointing to the cage in the center of the room, where something growls from the inside. "Well...I shan't keep you...You must have so much to discuss..."

Day 1 starts Now. It ends at 7:45 pm, EST on August 3rd. Twilight will last until 9pm of the same day.Grones,19,Yarrr me hearties! Aweigh anchor and set sail for hammertown!Skrimiche,20,what is up gamersGikkle,21,10000 Jelly Doughnuts,22,[Vote]Skrim[/Vote]
!Gikkle,23,[VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE]Rorschach,24,@Gikkle
@10000 Jelly Doughnuts
@Azmimel
@Grones
@Skrimiche
@Red_PandasGikkle,25,Great minds think alike!Rorschach,26,@Red_Pandas
@DAREALMoneyMan
@Mitochondria
@TheHorla
@MrEevee7Rorschach,27,@HunterC98
@CjBeats
@VizierGrones,28,[vote] Skrim [/vote] make the wench walk the plank!Gikkle,29,Bandwagon moment
susVizier,30,[Vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts[/Vote]Grones,31,yar har har, ye landlubbers got no mind for naval strategy like ye ol' capt'nVizier,32,CAPTAIN!Skrimiche,33,im feeling like absolute buttcheeks so im not actually gonna play the game /sGrones,34,AYE ME HEARTYSkrimiche,35,not sure why a townie would post this even in RVS. seems like something only scum would do for townpointsVizier,36,LOOK!Grones,37,NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NOGikkle,38,Ah... I am so hungry... But food is so far away....Skrimiche,39,ehh, the game's barely started, doesnt really seem alignment-indicative to me. just a heehoo funnee attemptSkrimiche,40,just because it's RVS doesnt mean scum cant slip. i see zero reason for a town!skrim to have posted thatSkrimiche,41,like i said, it was probably just them trying to crack a joke.

+ other people have done similar things in the thread. why havent you been going after them?TheHorla,42,hey guys remember 3 votes is actually nearly halfway to hammer lolGrones,43,Alas me hearties, the lass "Skrimiche" is but a scurvy landlubber stranded at sea, lost her mind.Skrimiche,44,where? i havent seen anyone else try to deflect suspicion off of themselves with a flimsy AtE excuse. if im wrong then go quote themMrEevee7,45,[vote] mito [/vote]Gikkle,46,look at this person, talking to themselves. Insanity!

Though, I myself don't actually have any idea whats going on. Where am I?Skrimiche,47,this is just a waste of time. i shouldnt have to hunt them down for you

[VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE] stop being hypocritical with your readsGikkle,48,[VOTE]MrEevee7[/VOTE]Skrimiche,49,annnnd there's the chainsaw defense! found another scum. [VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE]MrEevee7,50,Omgus
[Vote] gikkle [/vote]TheHorla,51,Skrim you're making me giggle lolSkrimiche,52,but you voted mito?Grones,53,ye be at sea, but that be already beknownst to ye, ye conspirator. Ye and that lass Skrimiche be pirates flying the jolly rodger on open seas!

[Vote] Gikkle [/vote]Skrimiche,54,oh wait i see
disregard silly ol meMrEevee7,55,[vote] grones [/vote]TheHorla,56,What the **** is that pfpMrEevee7,57,Are you townHunterC98,58,crunchitize me capn.

Wait, hows the quote thingie work if the click quote doesnt quote?Vizier,59,Groan

Skrim is confusing me.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,60,THEY COME TO THIS PLACE WHEN THEY KNOW THEY AREN'T PURE!TheHorla,61,
Who are you guys?Rorschach,62,Hunter
ArraTheHorla,63,I repeat the question.HunterC98,64,wazuuuuuuupRorschach,65,From Chucklefish. They're in the discord.Grones,66,Ye click th'reply button, ye freshwater politicianVizier,67,Poyo!TheHorla,68,aaaahhhhhHunterC98,69,oooooooooh...well what does the quote thingie do?Skrimiche,70,no

sorry ;-;TheHorla,71,:Waves:HunterC98,72,skrim is an adorable bat, i see no problems.Grones,73,All yer quotes be stowed away below decks, ye press "insert quotes" to rouse those lazy landlubbers and bring em to yer postMitochondria,74,more like
amiright fellas???Vizier,75,Amgry Poyo.HunterC98,76,ahh, gotcha, thank you!Grones,77,[vote] mito [/vote] this mitochondria science wizardry be black magic, a terrible omen from the heavens, take him to the plank!Azmimel,78,Hi friendsMitochondria,79,oh captain my captain, if you wish for me to die, then die I shall

[vote] Mito [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,80,I would be very suspicious about the votes nearly getting a hammer this time, but I remember this game runs smaller than what we’re used to.HunterC98,81,yeah....i'll call that pun a lynchable offense...
[Vote] mito [vote]Azmimel,82,Quick hammer mito?Mitochondria,83,do it you won't10000 Jelly Doughnuts,84,For future reference, you got to have the slash at the start of the second vote.

just in case that helpsAzmimel,85,No, cause I appreciate that game C gets to say mito is hereHunterC98,86,Ahh....whoops.
[Vote] mito [/vote]

Edit: just to say i properly voted.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,87,Fair enough, but do you have any reasoning why you did that in the first place beyond random voting?HunterC98,88,nothing beyond a sinful punAzmimel,89,Scum team

Eevee
Mito
Panda
SkrimGrones,90,Throwing jests to the wolves, methinks Gikkle and Skrim be conspirators, plotting vile mutiny!

This be a landlubber's shot at pretending not to know the wench, typical freshwater lies. Gikkle may be a scurvy bastard, but he's the eye of the crow's nest for wizardry, no use pretendin to be a fool. Away with them! 

[vote] Gikkle [/vote]Grones,91,Skrim be a vile, lying lass, a stowaway here for vile mutiny!Gikkle,92,I have literally no idea what you're saying.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,93,Scum team:

Grones
Mark
Panda
YouAzmimel,94,Yeah id be okay with that10000 Jelly Doughnuts,95,That would be a stacked team.Grones,96,More lies! Yar har har! Ye be foolin us to think yer heads filled with saltwater!Azmimel,97,Exactly, I wouldn't mind. Except Mark would get lynched too earlyGikkle,98,I admit it, it was a lie. I don't have "no" idea, since I did have SOME idea. I apologize for this horrible offense, second mate. But your pirate speech is confusing, so I don't quite understand what you're trying to say...Azmimel,99,Lynch all liars!

[Vote] gikkle [/vote]Rorschach,100,Before someone asks again.

The town/village win condition is to:
1. Survive
2. Remove all threats to town.Vizier,101,Aye, this is a mutiny capn. Hand over all the bananas and gunpowder.

[Vote] Grones [/vote]HunterC98,102,i vote we test the captain for scurvy.DAREALMoneyMan,103,There is an impostor among us, and he is ourselves

[vote]chucklenuts[/vote]TheHorla,104,Oh, since we're all talking funny:

Heyday ho

pleasen no lynch mesa. Grones isa mafia, mesa thinkHunterC98,105,i wont lie...i was very tempted to change my vote over for the jarjar talk10000 Jelly Doughnuts,106,[Vote]Mark[/Vote]
Jar Jar speaking should be a policy lynch.Red_Pandas,107,


Azmimel,108,I personally am a fan or itVizier,109,Die, they must. 

[Vote]Mark[/Vote]Mitochondria,110,Why?Azmimel,111,I dont think he's randomly accused someone based on gut yet, that's a big tellGrones,112,YE WRETCHED BABOON! I'LL HAVE YE AS SHARK FEED ERE THE WIND CHANGES! 
[vote] Vizier [/vote]Grones,113,I be a lying, murdering, pillaging captain, but no mafia ever lay in me bunk with me. Me hands be clean.Mitochondria,114,Eh, maybe, but I think Pi's been fine so far. The only Pi-adjacent post that I haven't liked thus far is this one from Gikkle:

And I really can't explain why. Something about the post's tone (too serious? too dismissive? idk) just rubbed me the wrong way when I was skimming through.Grones,115,Gut? Gut?! I'll gut ye like a fish, ye scallywag.HunterC98,116,fair thinking, but is that a tell?Mitochondria,117,The Gikkle post? Obviously it's too early to really tell but I think it could be, weirdly defensive or dismissive responses to anything that could be perceived as an attack definitely isn't uncommon scum behavior.Red_Pandas,118,ikr I am so goodRed_Pandas,119,I think pi's pirate talk is funny and therefore Pi is hard town
I will not listen to any opposing argumentGrones,120,That post by that wretched mutineer Gikkle mayhaps be the fruit of his heavens-imposed speech impediment. He be playing the part of a confused, sun-dazed landlubber, away at sea, and far from his lass, for far too long. Aye, I remember when I was but a wee lad aboard the HMS Bictory, just a wee deck swabber I was, a cabin boy. Sick to the guts!Red_Pandas,121,gikkle instant scum for no pirate speakGrones,122,Me first mate rises!Red_Pandas,123,anyways, [VOTE] Rorschach [/VOTE]
I really can't shake off the feeling that they've somehow orchestrated this all
what exactly they may be planning is beyond me, but I know they're up too somethingMitochondria,124,nah, he wasn't doing the confused act for his first three posts of the gameHunterC98,125,how many times were you told to scrub the poopdeck?Red_Pandas,126,Aye, captain!Rorschach,127,Quite a few times unfortunately. On his first day he took the name a little too literally...Mitochondria,128,this is a dumb speculation read, but i think there will be scum among the people with post modifiers (and if one flips scum, the other(s) are prob town)Red_Pandas,129,TMI??
No post modifiers are in sight I think this is tmi!!Mitochondria,130,based, you got meHunterC98,131,post modifiers?Mitochondria,132,pi's pirate posting, skrim's schizophrenia posting, maybe gikkle's confused postingMitochondria,133,Post modifiers are basically just any parts of a person's role that require them to format all their posts in a certain way.HunterC98,134,ahhhh, gotcha...Gikkle,135,I think I'm more hungry than confused, to be quite honest.Grones,136,Mayhaps she be a truly disturbed lass, afflicted by rot of the brain, not a "post-modifier"Grones,137,Me life at sea as a young cabin boy was torturous! But now I be the most feared pirate and used car salesman in the seven seas!Mitochondria,138,You didn't seem very hungry in these posts


Is there any way anyone can give you food to help you out?TheHorla,139,Nosa reason, me just needed sometten to sayen in disa amusen translatorGikkle,140,I don't have a post modifier, I think. I'm actually not really sure yet. We'll have to wait and see.Mitochondria,141,okay fair

i'm so sorryGrones,142,Mito smells afoul to me, alike a gutted fish left out to rot in the Sun. Only good to throw overboard! Mito ne'er defends a soul 'cept when he be a foul mutineer! He be seekin to put the cap'n in his trouser pockets! Hardy yar yar!TheHorla,143,It's okeedayMitochondria,144,hey i can be selfless HunterC98,145,oh? Do you have early automobiles? im a big fan of the older models...Gikkle,146,Well... There is ONE way... But you might not like it... You see, it involves human flesh...Grones,147,[unvote] [/unvote] 
Yar Marky! Is this be the way to unvote, to appease the god of the seas, "vote count bot"?Grones,148,Aye we carry anything a landlubber would desire in their dark, nasty, landlubber heartMitochondria,149,How much human flesh?Grones,150,The only powerhouse on this ship will be used combustion engines! Yar har!TheHorla,151,YesaHunterC98,152,oh good..ill have to come and do some perusing for anything of interest...Grones,153,Methinks Hunter be loyal to the cap'n. He be returnin to the high seas after years of being away, surely he be wary and lurking beneath the depths, if he were a mutineer! Timid, scouting the waters! But he be in the fray, fighting with his cutlass like the best of us!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,154,I didn’t even consider Pi’s posting to be a restriction, I just thought he was like that this game.

I may be stupid, lol.

But anyway, I don’t think restrictions are AI at all, I can’t see mito’s argument tbh.Gikkle,155,Well... The exact amount remains to be seen.Gikkle,156,I thought we were just doing this for fun, to be honest.TheHorla,157,Me'm finden disa so fun dat me think me'm goen to keep it tup.Grones,158,It be no restriction! I be struck down by the heavens with this curse, but I will become more power than you could possibly imagine!






Yar har, I drifted to the wrong franchise, for a moment there lads. The sun and years at sea be taking a toll on this cap'n's mind.Grones,159,Away with ye, ShylockVizier,160,What if I need a new ship?Grones,161,Take yerself to the shipyards then, ye scurvy dog! This cap'n sells only used cars!HunterC98,162,i be a little rusty with my sword, more akin to my pistols and muskets..10000 Jelly Doughnuts,163,Did my car’s warranty expire yet?Grones,164,O not yet, no lass! But ye must be here for yer car's extended warranty! For a mere 9000 gold pieces, yer vehicle be warranted and safe to ride the streets of Port Royal for years (two years) to come! Ah! To the plank with years! Fork over yer firstborn and yer car be warranted for a decade!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,165,Sorry, my firstborn has a contractual obligation already.HunterC98,166,ooooh, is that the new payment method?Grones,167,Damn that thieving Rumplestiltskin! That scurvy dog! Freshwater kleptomaniac! Stealing me customers!Red_Pandas,168,technically my role pm never said what alignment I am so I may be scumSkrimiche,169,explain owoSkrimiche,170,sussy
[VOTE]Red_Pandas[/VOTE]Grones,171,
Scarrrrred arrrre ya?MrEevee7,172,Sadly no
I dont think any one of those is actually a post modifier tbh except maybe pi
When u claim neutral:
[vote] panda [/vote]MrEevee7,173,If you can prove you arent neutral evil you can stay alive for nowCjBeats,174,IM ALIVE.
IM KICKIN. 
I AM HERE.

I get to play with Mito uwu, how exciting. And my boy arra, who I shall defend with my life.


mfw10000 Jelly Doughnuts,175,That’s concerning10000 Jelly Doughnuts,176,Sadge, CJ forgets about me and Pi.CjBeats,177,Fear not my good jelly, I have not forgotten thee. I simply never play with the boy arra so it brings me much joy and excitement. OHO AND THE HUNT IS HERE TOO WHAT A GLORIOUS DAY. THIS GAME SHALL BE A SPLENDID GAME OF CAMARADERIE AND BETRAYAL.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,178,You mean trolling at an advanced level?CjBeats,179,I do not understand what you mean by that my good Jelly.Vizier,180,
Mh. No like.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,181,Oh. You will 

Gut, based on nothing, read: Gikkle town.Red_Pandas,182,yeah
well im obviously not neutral, because im mafia.
yeah maybeSkrimiche,183,i thought you said you didn't know your alignmentRed_Pandas,184,yeah but I got the mafia chat so im good nowSkrimiche,185,oh okay sweetSkrimiche,186,hey now wait just a diddily darn second here

did it not say your alignment in the title of your pm??Red_Pandas,187,I mean who knows, I COULD be a secret hidden neutral in the mafia chatRed_Pandas,188,why
why would it
be in the title?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,189,Pandas obvious jester?Vizier,190,Jesters win if they die by vote...Right?Red_Pandas,191,tbh I kind of think this is some sort of scum slip 
I dont know exactly how that would work but im sure thats not how the pms workRed_Pandas,192,I agree10000 Jelly Doughnuts,193,Yes. And Machine's a fan of the original jester that kills everyone else when they die.Red_Pandas,194,that sounds really exciting tbh I think you guys should vote me10000 Jelly Doughnuts,195,Nah, we'll NK you instead 

Someone's a vig, right?Skrimiche,196,@10000 Jelly Doughnuts is your alignment in the title of your pm/file?

sure it is!Azmimel,197,I don’t think we should lynch pandas today, but we should just shoot him. 10000 Jelly Doughnuts,198,It's just labeled 'Game C' and has the role contained within. 

Although I notice a lot of spelling and grammar errors within the file, so I think machine was in a rush or something. Dunno. What's it like for everyone else?Skrimiche,199,inb4 he made them all different so people couldn't cheese the gameSkrimiche,200,oh i see
i meant the name of your role pm file, not the hypixel pmAzmimel,201,are you that nervous about a joke post? don’t like that :3
That’s a good point.

Skrim/Gikkle/Mark/Pi

do any of you actually have a post modifier or are you just joking?Azmimel,202,we all made the pms so that would be NAI anyway

also don’t feel like we should be doing this to solve the game : (Red_Pandas,203,I haven't checked my file
ohh that makes much more senseMrEevee7,204,You know town isnt called mafia this game right?
Didnt machine say there are no jesters?Azmimel,205,maybe his post modifier is that he has to lie all the time? can’t see how this would be a good jester play. It’s way too obvious; I think something else has to be going on here.MrEevee7,206,You requested machine for a normal role pm tho so you dont have a file10000 Jelly Doughnuts,207,Lmao probably.
TBH, that's a pretty scummy thing to say. I've not seen town non-ironically say that.
Machine said that *anything* could be on the rolelist afaik. I could have misread the rules, but I think he said earlier that anything goes.Skrimiche,208,why would i be nervous because of you  

re: post modifier - joke

what do you suggest instead then
cause i dont have anything elseGrones,209,Aye me heartie! I be a cap'n and a used car salesman! Yarrrr!Skrimiche,210,why are we assuming people have post modifiers and using that to determine alignments/roles .-.Grones,211,Yarrr ye be a rude wench, ye be speakin to Mel10000 Jelly Doughnuts,212,Even if Pi has a post restriction, he's having too much fun and I love it. Lock town for wholesomeness.Azmimel,213,Idk, you’re the one who asked me to explain reads made during RVS. Why ask me to explain these reads and not the other one I made after it?? 
there were enough people acting like they had post modifiers that I thought it was a possibility.

remember pi’s worldeater role?Azmimel,214,heyyy do you have a post modifier or nah?Grones,215,It be a fool's errand to affix our spyglasses on th'heavens-cursed speeches. It be the gods playing a jest on ourrrrrr lives! Next scurvy rat to say a worrrrrd gets to be a man overrboarrrd!HunterC98,216,am i a joke to you?HunterC98,217,Redeemed. All is forgiven.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,218,Everytime I read your signature, I want a burger. Dang you.Grones,219,Avast me hearties! The signature be needin an update!Azmimel,220,do you like our pfp?? i picked it out please compliment me Azmimel,221,can’t dislike posts yet : (Skrimiche,222,for anyone else who was wondering if this was actually true or not:
///////
ily mel but my point still stands xoxo

duh, because i only care about things regarding me. uwu

i think the odds of another post modified worldeater are too low to give significant thought to atmAzmimel,223,love u too 
You ask why I thought post modifiers could be indicative of alignment/role and that was my first thought. my point is that if they are real we shouldn’t brush them to the side.Grones,224,th'signaturrrre be amended forrrr th'high seas!Skrimiche,225,ehh
i still dont think theyre important (or at least not something to be focusing on for today). only one person (grones) could be argued to have one. what does that tell you?Grones,226,It be tellin ye I be th'cap'n and ye best be harkening to 'im lest ye wish t'be a wench strrrranded on BarbadosCjBeats,227,uWu panda-kun open wolfing, what a glorious day! This game will be as easy as taking a baby away from their candy!

[vote]Panda[/vote]Scythe,228,ayieh10000 Jelly Doughnuts,229,Oh?
Yes, I do! I really could go for some pasta right now, not going to lie
CJ using uWu unirionically is scaryMrEevee7,230,pandas is definitely scum, but if they are a jester we should probably be careful about lynching them. 
[unvote] [/unvote]MrEevee7,231,it gets worse when you realize
a. they dont have a file
b. they said they already read their role and it didnt say their alignment.Skrimiche,232,coward! [vote]red_pandas[/vote]Grones,233,I be thinkin this speech talk be a waste of ourrrrr voyageGrones,234,Ye ruffians be speakin of a jester
10000 Jelly Doughnuts,235,
^
Specific beats general, and if someone had something in their PM saying they differed from the rules, that takes the reigns.CjBeats,236,Doth thou fellows really think the machine would throw a jester in this here game? Nay, panda-kun is quite simply a wolf who scumsclipped. Tis the only logical explanation for his actions, say I.Gikkle,237,I claim jesterGrones,238,Gikkle be a fine tarrrrget t'send overrrrboarrrd methinks10000 Jelly Doughnuts,239,why the hell are you doing weeb shakespeare speak?Grones,240,This be the second Shakespeare rrrrreference on this ship! A coincidence?Azmimel,241,It was the first thing I noticed when I read up this morning, so that's why I asked a question about it. Red pandas being jester feels a little too easy for me. Why was he being so obviously scummy?? That's why I suggested an alternate theory: a post modifier. But it's just that, a theory.


I don't know what it tells us because I don't know that much yet. I was just curious as to why some people were acting like they had one. Could be important in the future though.Azmimel,242,pandas rating one of my posts funny feels like a punch to the gut tbhGikkle,243,the alignment is in the title right
tbh I missed that completely and just thought "village #" was something to just describe me, not my alignment. My actual role pm doesn't have my alignment so I didn't know I was town until I asked for my win con an hour later lol.

So maybe pandas is telling the truth and since there is no title machine can change in the pms sent by panda he just had a role pm with no alignmentRed_Pandas,244,I may be dumb, but I'm not stupid
no I really haven't, machine told me my role in the pm
I think machine had given me a file already when I asked for a normal pm
yeah that's true
ew CJ saying uwu instant scum [VOTE] Cjbeats [/VOTE]
scum jest?
how does not having a file make it worse
and I got my alignment now im pretty sure it was just an error that I foundRed_Pandas,245,I reaaaaaally want to do funny talk somehow but I cant think of anythingHunterC98,246,hmmm....i say we give the man what he wants, what do you all say?
[vote] Gikkle [/vote]Red_Pandas,247,I find it really funny that I've managed to get myself almost consensus scum read by doing random RVS jokes

no, I am not going to stop.Azmimel,248,are you seriously going to write this off as RVS? fmlGikkle,249,consensus? By like 4 people?Gikkle,250,It's still RVS in my heartAzmimel,251,;-; I'm so confused right nowCjBeats,252,Who knows why any of us do anything in this accursed world?

let us look at thee panda-kun. An experienced member of this here mafia party. Are we to truly believe the man is a dumbfounded idiot? He is not! Panda-kun is an intellectual who scumslipped as his pms are different than our own! Tis the only logical explanation for senpai’s actions!Red_Pandas,253,yes, I will
tbh though the jokes did kinda suck
yeah pretty muchCjBeats,254,Let me enlighten thee. RVS means random voting sycle. You are welcome!Gikkle,255,Town members can't win after dying
Thus town and mafia will be equally scared of getting lynched
Anyone who acts like they are okay with being lynched is a liarCjBeats,256,Hunter me pal! What is thine experience with the game of mafia as we play now?Red_Pandas,257,Im pretty sure mine is the same as everyone else's but coolCjBeats,258,Did ye not ask the machine senpai for a role pm different then our own?


and yet, you my dear Gik claimed jester! Hmmmm suspicious!Red_Pandas,259,yeah I dont actually have a file
just checked
I had one for game A but then I moved to game C
so my alignment technically wasn't anywhere in my PM before machine added itAzmimel,260,I get what you're saying, but I also don't understand why he wouldn't have just questioned machine privately until he understood his role. Why does he benefit from announcing that he has no alignment in his role pm?? What does that do for him?? 


if it was a joke it was a terrible one. 


Oh, CJ, you are a saucy boy!Red_Pandas,261,yeah kind of?
it was just asking for my role in the pm instead of in the file
technicallyyyyy it wasn't a joke 
but I did announce it ironicallyCjBeats,262,Perhaps the machine senpai made an Oopsie woodsie? Could it be!? Is our senpai incompetent??CjBeats,263,There was once a saying back in the day of mine from whence I was born! Comedy is subjective! Terrible jokes are still jokes my dearest Azimel!Grones,264,This be a revealing day, we thrrrow Gikkle orr Skrrrim overboard! Hunterrr, Panda, and Cj arrrrre loyal to the cap'n, forrrr cerrtain!Red_Pandas,265,im afraid soCjBeats,266,And did the machine senpai give you your request in the different role pm?Grones,267,[vote] gikkle [/vote]CjBeats,268,Alas, perhaps we should lynch him instead! Oh what a great sacrifice we must make for our panda-Kun!!Grones,269,Cj ye best stop discussin rrrrrole PMs lest ye appearrr as a conspirator mutineerrrr t'me, thrrrowin the discussion overrrboardCjBeats,270,Enlighten me my dearest cap’n-kun, what is the problem with mistress Skrimiche on this day?Grones,271,[vote]cj[/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,272,I. I.

I'm intimidated. I won't lie.CjBeats,273,My curiosity shan’t be quenched, not even by my dearest cap’n-kun.Grones,274,She be talkin amiss, and I be seeing a vile connection betwixt herrr and th'GikkleRed_Pandas,275,can confirm
yeah I think machine Lynch would be a good idea
yesCjBeats,276,Oh to switch so fast in the heart of thee! What a glorious mind you possess!Azmimel,277,
hmmmm ok10000 Jelly Doughnuts,278,




Pi's reversal of his opinions is well within his normal town meta, I think. Therefore, I will say that Pi is a high TR of mine, and would rather not want him lynched.CjBeats,279,Then chalk it up to nothing more than a miscommunication! Non-alignment indicative say I!

[unvote][/unvote]
It is settled!


my dearest jelly! I am playing most seriously in my heart!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,280,This is 1000000000% cursed.Azmimel,281,I don't like how quickly you accepted that. Where did your certainty go?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,282,


HunterC98,283,uhhh....lets see..last time i played was...what? 5'ish years ago?HunterC98,284,appreciate the vote of confidence cap!Grones,285,Jelly be using jests t'avoid exposing herrrrself as a vile mutineer?Azmimel,286,this feels like the complete opposite of how she was last game, so I'm kinda ok with it,Grones,287,Arghhhhh10000 Jelly Doughnuts,288,Nah, I just wanted to make memes. That's all. I would say that I'd stop doing them, but that would be a lie, because they're funny. 

[Vote]Cj/Vote]

Something pings me about him, he feels wishywashy.

ANd yea, pi's that way too, but he's usually that way as town.Grones,289,Panda be town, no throwin o'erboard, cap'n's orderrs10000 Jelly Doughnuts,290,I disagree with him being town, but agree with not lynching. Hopefully we have a TK that can handle the jester.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,291,because I don't see scum pandas or town pandas being this way tbh.HunterC98,292,i feel too scrambled to make a fair assumption here.

cap'n seems busy being the spitting image of a proper town seafarer.

gikkle seems to be pure chaos.

cj seems awful authoritative, though that could be chalked up with trying to make up for missing some talk time.

jelly seems to be alright so far, a pinch quiet but i dunno how she plays to make a concern of that.

azmimel is either staying very quiet and stoking flames or just unavailable most often.Azmimel,293,Maybe if you explain the connection between Gikkle and Skrim I'd explain my read :3


He's either village idiot or neutral imoGrones,294,Let's brrring out the rum and play a game below decks! All ye scalleywag excuses for sailors, bellow out the scummiest, most treacherous words ye can


The cap'n'll begin

I be so disappointed I be a loyal one this voyage, I be hopin t'be a treacherous mutineer, but the gods declarrre me loyal to me post, th'CAP'NRed_Pandas,295,I feel like I probably would be dumb enough to make these jokes as bothAzmimel,296,the only reason why I could imagine anyone saying this is because they want to be lynched.Azmimel,297,trying to chat with my hydra partner :3MrEevee7,298,hes still lying about not checking the file, as he claims he doesnt have a file later on
so you knew your alignment, so why did you say you didnt?
scum != mafia, it just is evil roles. so jester would be scum as it makes town lose in the case that it is lynched
because you said you didnt read your file, but if you dont have it thats just an obvious lie that you didnt read it.HunterC98,299,aaah...yes that is a thing, my bad.Red_Pandas,300,eh
that doesn't mean I'm lying though, if I dont have a file then I didnt read it?
so it's still true
my alignment was never in the PM before I made the joke about it
after that machine added it
technically I didn't
I dont think jester is even in the game since everyones win-con is to stay alive and defeat the other faction iirc
but that means it's true??
also I did think I had a file
my memory is bad and its not something I thought was importantCjBeats,301,Twas explained away by the panda-kun! My certainty was replaced by uncertainty before being uprisen by a new kind of certainty!
Then ye are but a bab who I shall protect henceforth!


Is coming to an understanding wishy washy my dearest jelly? It is not!MrEevee7,302,no one says "i didnt read my book!!!" if they dont have a book. you were clearly trying to make an excuse for "not knowing your alignment"
ah yes, what a great reason to be town. "my memory is bad"

guys i claim scum!!!!
wait no my memory is bad im actually town!!!Grones,303,9 times out o'10, when ye landlubbers be assured and confident ye caught a scumslip rrrrelatin' t'role PMs, ye be sorrrely mistaken. This be a useless arrrrrgument made by lazy landlubberrrsRed_Pandas,304,as said previously, at the time I thought I had a file 
I never tried to make it an argument that I was was town but sure
I was literally just stating that I had mis-remembered it
also me claiming that I was mafia is the most obvious joke in history10000 Jelly Doughnuts,305,Rum? Rum?

Honestly: scum doesn't usually tend to say that they wished they rolled scum. It's a town move in my experience. Or at least I think so. Pi just keeps on being more townie somehow.
No one read the rules closely enough and it shows.
This is 100% cursed why am I in this game, I should suffer in the nexus instead why why why why whyRed_Pandas,306,im dumb be patient with meSkrimiche,307,pg 13 atm
[vote]CjBeats[/vote]HunterC98,308,okay, lemme be the first to come to the question, do we lynch off of all the nonsense in an attempt to knock out a bad guy or let time pass and use abilities to try and find stuff out?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,309,In most games, town tries to lynch everyday due to the information gained from the flip and the potential mafia member dead.

Here it may be less advisable because a lynch on someone is an automatic 'you lose' thing, so I feel like people are more hesitant this time.DAREALMoneyMan,310,I do not like that you are attempting to brush off his actions via of setup speculationGikkle,311,[VOTE]No-Lynch[/VOTE]
When's the last time we had a d1 no lynch? :3HunterC98,312,soooo keep yapping till someone slips?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,313,Based!
[Vote]No-Lynch[/Vote]
Yep, you got it. Eventually someone will vote dumb, pressures build and then scum slipping happens!CjBeats,314,Oh Gikkle-Chan, you wild man! Perhaps once I would’ve joined you on your quest to lynch not a soul, but alas, I have come to realize the benefit of lynching a person day 1. To not do so would be an inservice to the game!HunterC98,315,aye aye cap-errr...jelly.Vizier,316,You seem...Rather. 

Dead-set on lynching.CjBeats,317,And you aren’t my dearest Arra?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,318,I'm waiting for the time CJ says 'you saucy boy' unironically. 

I think I woke up in the twilight zoneSkrimiche,319,what if they just dont care about losing :3

im down
[vote]Skrimiche[/vote]

gikkle is quaking in his bootsVizier,320,Not particularly. I really wouldn't want more company.Grones,321,Arrrgh! Based! 
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Grones,322,Land ho!Grones,323,Argh! I meant @CjBeats10000 Jelly Doughnuts,324,CJ is a farming instrument?Grones,325,He'll be farmin votes 'ere the tide changes10000 Jelly Doughnuts,326,Also: weird thought: what if dead players were still in the game somehow.

Seems very weird that Machine would just ban dead chat and giving the rolelist.

Maybe there could be revivers. Idk, just seems odd to me.HunterC98,327,That could be interesting, but then the question is, what extent of knowledge would they come back with?Grones,328,The dead souls be sent away from Davy Jones locker because all 3 worlds be connected, methinks.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,329,The same bit of when they were dead, I think.
most assuredly there’s a connection.HunterC98,330,Which makes sense of the snippet of not revealing roles.HunterC98,331,guess playing it safe would be the smart thing to do..
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Grones,332,If ye were bettin yer life on it, which of these ruffians would ye wager is a mutineer?HunterC98,333,if i was to wager my doubloons against a soul, i would say one of the quieter ones...likely mito. just don't have enough to go off of to make a safe assumption.Grones,334,Aye! Mito be a treacherous cabin boy, but for other reasons.

Speakin of quiet ruffians, lurkin under the sea,
@DAREALMoneyManHunterC98,335,i wanted to ask about him but wasnt sure if i just didnt know his name he used.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,336,Explain?TheHorla,337,I don't 100% understand the pandas situation, but I learned the hard way last game that most of the time, "scumslips" related to PMs and formatting are usually just people getting confused.

Let me see if I read this right:
- pandas got his role in a PM, not a file
- the text of the PMs doesn't contain a wincon
- since you can't edit the title of a PM, machine forgot to tell pandas his alignment
- pandas noticed this, made a joke out of it
- people didn't realize that pandas wouldn't have known his alignment from his file title, since he got his role as a PM
Explaining away behaviour as a post modifier is bad logic and scummy. If we want to argue that player such and such is "obviously scummy" because of a "post modifier", we might as well hang up our towels and go home here.
Eevee is way too confident here for my liking.
Disappointed in gikkle for speaking sense here and not using this prime reaction fish opportunity.Azmimel,338,yea, but I also don't like the fact that he's trying to write it off as an RVS joke. I wouldn't lynch him either way, but I certainly don't think he's towny.
Not attempting to brush his actions off. I'm trying to figure out on earth he would inform us (apparently as a joke) that he had no alignment in his role pm. It was just a theory . I personally don't see scum or town doing that in any situation.Azmimel,339,I think they are, specifically because of this quote from the rules for game C
Grones,340,Mito be a snake charmer, a silverrrr-tongued succubus


Across the 7 seas, I've always known this landlubber to be a rotten soul from the malbolge. He be a seducer, a liar, a flatterer, a two faced duplicitous freshwater politician!

His treacherous mutiny sails on
He be a sower of deceit, he sets our ship along the wrong course, subtly like the Majesty's snake charmer he be.Grones,341,What be the cabin boy's agenda?Skrimiche,342,[VOTE]MrEevee7[/VOTE]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,343,Mmm, I disagree, but there's probably no reason to be setup speculating
Okay other than being a dnd monster, what did Mito do?
Why?HunterC98,344,i shall kick back and watch this show unfold til i have anything interesting or thoughtful to add.Azmimel,345,oh sorry i should've been more specific on which part. I think dead players will still have an impact on the game. I have no clue about revivers.TheHorla,346,Am... I the cabin boy? Or eevee?Azmimel,347,this is the second time you've voted a person pi has put under some sort of pressure with no explanation.Grones,348,Review th'rest o'me post, illiterate wenchTheHorla,349,Where did pi pressure eevee?Grones,350,Eevee, that dogMitochondria,351,I agree with Mark's take on the Panda situation. Don't fully understand what their confusion was and honestly don't care enough about this discussion line to spend the brainpower figuring it out, but odds are more likely they got confused and communicated their confusion poorly rather than them being scum that we caught right away.

I'm also mindmelding with Mark on his Eevee take (shows up, tunnels Panda, then dips; I especially didn't like the post he made asking Panda to "prove he's not neutral evil," it's a weirdly specific thing to ask for), but I'm super uncomfy with Skrim's naked vote on him and the underlying feeling that thread consensus is quickly shifting against Eevee. Quick shifts in thread consensus generally indicate that the target's town.

I'm not sure if I dislike this post because a) I'm annoyed that we're already starting our discussion about how Mito not living in the thread = scum (in which case this post is NAI and I'm just being emotional) or b) it's scummy that I get specifically called out despite the majority of the game having done nothing thus far.

Pi's read on me is bad and he should feel bad, but I like his play so far.

Pi and Mark feel town, sans the post I called out above I've been liking Hunter, Skrim's kinda weirding me out so light scumread, I guess scumread on Eevee too but I don't think Skrim/Eevee is a scum pair.Grones,352,And where be th'first time?TheHorla,353,@Azmimel are either of you ABBA fans? (Based on your signature, just wondering)10000 Jelly Doughnuts,354,ah okay yea.
I did, you threw out spicy insults and then refused to elaborate more lolGrones,355,I'll hang ye from th'highest mast with yer own innardsMitochondria,356,I'll sink ye ship before I hangAzmimel,357,oops I mixed up you and grones. But the point should still stand. She's voted people that others have put under pressure with no explanation. 
Don't know about azmine, but I sure am.Grones,358,He be seekin a pocketed sailor, and he be veering us off course, distracting us like a Siren's cry!TheHorla,359,An hour ago I impulsively scumread him for it, but:
- good chance eevee is confused as well
- scumhunting is good, considering that it'd be easy for scum to sit back and chill right now
- I agree with mito that a shifting consensus that eevee is scum is in general indicative that eevee is town (particularly considering that he's often considered an easy lynch)Grones,360,


HunterC98,361,fair, i may not have said it well, the second half of the message was supposed to be me saying i am not fully capable to make a firm guess because i don't have anything to compare it against.CjBeats,362,You are doing amazing my dearest sweet huntie-Chan.

Let us move forward on our conversation from the mister panda-kun! It shan’t get us anywhere doddling on about it! When does this here fine day end?Grones,363,@CjBeatsHunterC98,364,Day 1 ends tomorrow at....7:45 PM i believe?Mitochondria,365,If Pi or Hunter flips scum, I think it's decently likely the other flips scum as well. They've been pretty buddy-buddy all game (meta is fairly useless, but as a point of comparison from playing scum with Pi before, I remember he's not big on bussing teammates) and I'm still weirded out by Hunter shading me without committing to a Mito scumread stance and then backpedalling a bit when I responded (builds support for Pi's read without him really sticking his neck out there).

@CjBeats-kun uwu, what do you think of things so far?CjBeats,366,Such a long day, oh me oh my! Thank you dearest cap’n-Chan. I shall love you long time.Grones,367,One of these cabin boys will walk the plank, ere the day is done! E'eryone else aboard this ship be safe!Grones,368,Yer a bold oneMitochondria,369,Being controversial is fun Grones,370,LiberrrrralsCjBeats,371,I think things are just downright fascinating in this here game! A glorious tale of whodunnit taking place upon our doorstep!
I know not the reasoning on why people are scumming the Eevee-weevee, so I could use an explanation, but beyond that there confusion I do so believe the cap’n-Chan is a good lad. Huntie-wuntie-kun is newish, so I shall protect him for now. I do so believe that talking about panda-kun as we have done so much is becoming nothing more than a waste of time. That moment has passed. I would like to hear more from my dearest arra! A delightful, beautiful, man!Grones,372,Aye?Mitochondria,373,Very wholesome post but oh so very safe! Gimme something spicy, what's your hottest take about the game right now?CjBeats,374,My dearest jelly is a sneaky, sniveling, conniving devil bent on seeing this dearest world of ours burn to the ground upon which we stand!Mitochondria,375,Now we're cooking, how come?HunterC98,376,i was asked who i thought could be scummy and answered off of what i had...which still aint much...Mitochondria,377,That's fair - and to be clear, I've generally liked your posts thus far - but the point still stands. Wishywashy reads are never a good look because they're commonly used by scum to set up mislynches and erode the town's trust in other townies without the scum player needing to commit to the read or lead the lynch (both of which look bad when the target flips town).10000 Jelly Doughnuts,378,[JOKEVOTE]JELLY[JOKEVOTE]

oh god, everyone's doing weeb shakespeare and pirate speak. Get me outta here


---
I can see a wolf eevee, but I'm hesistant because he's LHF and I feel like I could be misdirected.

It's very weird cash hasn't spoken at all, but I don't think that's AI.

CJ feels... off for some reason, maybe the restriction is throwing me off, but it feels like some serious misdirection in his posts.CjBeats,379,Despite being how one may say active, she is too concerned with how people say things instead of they say! No notable contributions have come forth from her blessed heart, and I find that odd for someone of her stature and expertise!CjBeats,380,Right as I say such words she comes with the spice, oh my! Misdirection in what way my dear friend?HunterC98,381,alrighty, ill be sure to keep that in mind.Grones,382,Indra moment 


(Argh)Grones,383,Cj vs Jelly be a fool's errand, akin t'searching for the fountain o'youthCjBeats,384,Then consider me a fool, cause this one errand that I just must run! My curious heart shan’t be quenched until I do!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,385,Let me go through your posts real quick and find what sort of bothered me. It's very possible it's not your fault and I'm in shock from the PR.CjBeats,386,I shall await patiently with pounding enthusiasm for your return!MrEevee7,387,idk about anyone else but it says right in my file what my alignment is, not just the title of it. so machine shouldve still told him his alignment regardless of whether or not it was in a normal pm. i assumed this meant he was neutral as normally neutral just comes with the roll and no statement of alignment
and then he started talking about his file, which seemed scummy to me as he shouldnt have one based on his request, and he also said he didnt read his file, which would be a pointless post to make if he had read his pm where his role should have been, so id assumed it was again, a lie.Azmimel,388,First post I could find related to his interactions with Pandas.





Eevee remembered that Pandas asked for his role in a PM instead of a file, and then fixates on Pandas saying he did not open his file where his role was because that shouldn't have been a possibility for Pandas. 

I feel like it's way too easy to scum read Eevee based on just his interactions with Pandas (which are the only significant ones he's had), especially since Pandas was creating confusion, which is not a townie thing to do.

Right now it's low-hanging fruit, and I'd like to see more from Eevee before I actually consider him to be a lynch target.

@MrEevee7 whatcha feeling right now?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,389,The hard part is that I do have issues with telling jokes and such over text. The post modifier is making it really difficult to tell if you're sincere or just playing it up. I try to keep it in mind, but you do seem to be trying to pocket people.
And then you make the argument that there was a scum slip despite not knowing anything about the format of the roles, especially because I can't really find an example PM anywhere that would justify the reason. Pandas was weird, but this is a confusing game.

Although saying you've never read your PM (pandas) is scummy, so that's agreeable
With Hunter
Hunter again, and then you were enlightened, but it reads to me like you thought this was a dead end thing.
Pi.

And well, you seem to have an odd relationship with Mito too, the 'spiciest takes' feels very forced to me.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,390,Spicy take: Neither Eevee nor Pandas should be in the lynch pool today.Azmimel,391,I'm okay with a no-lynch, but I want Skrim to explain why she voted CJ and Eevee.Grones,392,


Red_Pandas,393,setup spec good, this argument is not valid
that's pretty much right
I can get thinking pi has one but me being a bit confusing definitely =/= post mod
if anything its very normal for me to be confusing10000 Jelly Doughnuts,394,You know, when it feels like everyone's trying to pocket you, no one is. But there are like three people who did click agree on a lot of my posts recently.

EDIT: removed 'let me check' idk why I put that there.Azmimel,395,yeah, I got a little overeager thinking about post modifiers. 
I thought you didn't like CJ? Where are you on that?TheHorla,396,Why are you bringing up a no lynch so early?Azmimel,397,because three people have voted for a no-lynch so farAzmimel,398,just checked vote count, it's actually fourTheHorla,399,It just feels super weird to preface that question with that statementAzmimel,400,I mean if skrim doesn't explain her votes well then I won't be ok with a no-lynch.Vizier,401,
I swear I heard someone roll in their grave with that joke. Absolutely sickening.HunterC98,402,Sorry, that was me.Grones,403,
Grones,404,@TheHorla a used car for your thoughts?CjBeats,405,Me and mito-Chan’s relationship is one of resounding love, but that does not mean I would like to pocket. Alas, I know not the heart of Mito-Chan, so I cannot say anything about him! As for the other laddies you mentioned, I simple wish to protect huntie-wuntie on this first day as he has not played in many a moon. And is it wrong to love my cap’n-Chan for telling me when day ends? I think not! But that is the only reason I said such things, so i find it a stretch if you think that’s me trying to pocket the dear lad.

And one does know the format of a role pm, or at the very least one should! After all, we all received one from the machine senpai!TheHorla,406,Null on everyone except gikkle (light town for speaking up for panda) and lean scum on skrimiche for voting eevee.HunterC98,407,to be fair, a lot of what eevee has to say is either voting or straight calling folks out, not that i agree against him but it is something to keep aware of.Skrimiche,408,
i have my reasons, and if i dont make them public then that is also for a reason. :s

i dont think he is?

gimme a bit

scary ;-;Grones,409,Eevee be a mighty sailor, no LHF 
He be no mutineer, ne'erthelessGrones,410,Who ye be wagering be the mutineer, then?DAREALMoneyMan,411,Alas I am binging Ted lasso, I will probably be done with the season by the end of the day so I’ll do things then (TM)Skrimiche,412,also i voted cj because he had stinky energy but i dont feel like pushing him rnRed_Pandas,413,relatableAzmimel,414,Other head popping in! It's cause (you're his scum buddy) : )Skrimiche,415,prove it busterTheHorla,416,Maybe skrim and azmimel?TheHorla,417,To expand on this a bit: azmimel made some really poor attacks on panda (the whole pm speculation bit was bad, thinking that he had a post modifier that made him always lie was scummy, reading him as jester was scummy, not considering that he may have been a bit confused (and that he was telling the truth that he didn't know his alignment at the beginning) was scummy.)

Skrim naked voted eevee after I attacked them is scum-indicative, and mel immediately criticizing them (and afterwards weakly pressuring skrim) feels a bit more like scum distancing than actual scumhunting.Azmimel,418,Pandas came out and said that he did not have an alignment in his role pm, and then later claimed mafia. He did not claim that he was joking until later. That was confusing to me. I saw absolutely no reasoning for town or scum to have made that move, so I assumed he was a neutral who wanted to die. I don’t think that’s scummy.

I never speculated above role pms. In fact, I was very against it. I did speculate a bit about post modifiers, and yeah, I’ll admit I fixated on it a bit too much, but I was trying to figure out why on earth he would’ve decided to share all of this information with us instead of dming machine and figuring it out, which is what I would’ve done, and post modifiers were on my mind because of the earlier discussion. Was it a poor decision to setup speculate so early on? Probably. Is it alignment indicative? Probably not.

I don’t know why you think my argument against skrim has been weak. I haven’t voted her, that’s true, but I didn’t want to vote anyone until I discussed it with my partner.

this is the only post I made about role pms.MrEevee7,419,Idk tbh but i feel like some of the ppl on my wagon are scummy
Why? That's just straight up an anti town line of thought.Skrimiche,420,anti town? like an anti hero? sickSkrimiche,421,+ no it isnt

machine if by some miracle youre reading this i hate you for the no edit ruleRed_Pandas,422,I can see that, kind ofRed_Pandas,423,its been in mafia games like foreverSkrimiche,424,

Spoiler: cj stink pg 13









Skrimiche,425,yeah but normally i can edit in my afterthoughts when i post
now i have to double post and it's annoying for people trying to catch up TheHorla,426,There's a whole bunch to unpack here:
- if someone claims mafia, it's obviously a joke
- jokes are a thing, and don't necessarily imply that someone wants to die.
- I think it's scummy to read into his behaviour this much
- Making assumptions about the veracity of panda's claim that machine forgot to state his alignment is inherently PM speculation
- Re: why panda shared the info: when I read his posts, I found it funny that machine forgot to give him his alignment; that you didn't consider (or pretended to not consider) that he shared it because mod errors are funny is scummy.
- I didn't say that the post modifier speculation was scummy because it's setup speculation (but good point there, I guess that's one more reason to scumread you!). Your comment was scummy because trying to explain player behaviour by post-speculation ("they are lying/acting off because of mod instructions") is not a townie line of reasoning.
- Your argument against skrim is so far weak because I find it unpursuasive.Rorschach,427,*unpersuasiveGrones,428,Jokes aint always jokes arghhhSkrimiche,429,FIGHT ME YOU COWARDRorschach,430,Sure.
Skrim has been modkilled.

I win.

Skrim has been reinstated into the game.MrEevee7,431,How is it notTheHorla,432,What are you saying here?Azmimel,433,





1) From my point of view, we were out of RVS/the banter stage. Pandas said he thought it would be exciting if people voted him. That implies he wants to die.
2) He didn’t clear up that it was a joke until 30-45 minutes after, and during that time he was a major topic of discussion. The majority of players on at the time believed him to be a jester. He didn’t clear it up immediately even though he was online, which I found weird.
3) You’re telling me it’s suspicious to analyze a player I found scummy at the time? 


My argument was not about PM speculation because I was questioning why he shared the information with us. I was confused because I would’ve asked machine instead of sharing it with the rest of the players in the game. Because of this, I thought it might be a ploy to make himself seem suspicious and therefore get voted.





Proof that I never once speculated about what was actually in his PM, just that I wondered why he actually did it.


Once again, I didn’t understand why Pandas was sharing the information with us. So I tried to figure out why. Two things came into my mind. Jester, which was a common answer among the online players, and a post modifier. I thought of a post modifier because of what I’d been thinking about before with you, grones, skrim, and Gikkle.


My argument against Skrim is her votes with absolutely nothing to back them up. I made that point before you did, you just dedicated an entire post to it. Do you not find your own argument persuasive enough?Skrimiche,434,im sure youve had times where you didnt want to spell things out for a greater purposeGrones,435,Nothin 
Yar har harGrones,436,[vote] cash [/vote]Gikkle,437,I'm 2% closer to ending the world
better kill me before thenTheHorla,438,Not yet, actually! It's pretty weak right now. My argument is that you're making the same (weak) argument as I am, but to distance yourself from her.
*shrugs* Regardless of how you define the end of RVS, I did not take their posts seriously. I think you are taking some posts that were not meant to be taken seriously far too seriously, and tied yourself up in knots trying to explain them via post modifiers.
I think the majority of players that were on at the time were wrong about that. 
Yes, depending on what you're analyzing? See the comment above about taking things seriously.
Just trying to understand something here. Did you think he was telling the truth that machine forgot to give his alignment, or not?
I understand that! The facts here are clear. But I think your conclusion was wrong, and I find it suspicious that you came to the conclusion that it was a post modifier.MrEevee7,439,sure, but seeing as it is impossible to have mech info atm, i dont see how it could be that.
and not explaining reads, unless youre just being lazy, doesnt help town at all and makes you look like you dont have any actual reasons for them10000 Jelly Doughnuts,440,Except speculating on pms is useless especially for Req because he does make changes and edits to the template all the time.

Heck, he didn't even put a period in my pm, is that scum indicative?

Also Skrim, give your reasons, let's not play this gameSkrimiche,441,booooo

touché

Cj - I quoted the posts that pinged me earlier while I was reading up. I didn't feel like pushing him (I confess to being lazy!), and I switched off to Eevee soon after because that's a vote I have reasons for doing aside from gut.

Eevee - First, I thought Pandas scumslipped about his alignment not being in his pm. This was because i asked Machine earlier if the "village" in the title of my google doc was my alignment (because it wasnt in the contents of the doc), and he confirmed it. But then I thought about it some more, and realized it was more likely that it was just a goof & not an actual scumslip. Eevee pointing out the contradiction with Panda's PM (being on the hypixel forums and not a google doc) seemed townie to me, but his subsequent hounding of Panda afterwards didn't. You can argue that the attempt at gamesolving is townie, but to me, it looked more like scum going after low-hanging fruit.

anyways im dipping to pet some cats and my dog grandson, ciao o/Skrimiche,442,also the reason why i didnt elaborate on the eevee vote was because i wanted to see how he'd react to it & whether or not he'd continue to push pandasAzmimel,443,Are you trying to trick me into actual pm speculating? Either way, it doesn't change my argument. I found him suspicious because he volunteered the information, not because he claimed machine forgot to give him his alignment.

Oh, so you're not as confident as you seem. 
you're right, it probably wasn't meant to be taken seriously. However, that's how I took it at the time, and since I want to defend myself I am attempting to explain my thought process. 
My conclusion wasn’t that he had a post modifier, my conclusion was that something else was going on here. Post modifier was just an example of something else that could’ve been going on. 
HunterC98,444,where was this mindset back when i horsed around with bold talk and ended up getting myself lynched on just talking around?Grones,445,We be halfway to nightfall, best we line up some choice ruffians to walk the plank! 

I wanna see 
Mito
SkrimGrones,446,Gikkle 


Send them all to the plank!Vizier,447,What flavor stinky? Skunk, onion, rotten food?CjBeats,448,
What happened to me oh cap’n my cap’n? doth thou not know your own heart? What a spicy lad you are oh cap’n-Chan to change up so quickly! 

Mistress Skrimiche-kun, I saw thine post about my stinkiness, but alas I do not understand what pinged you about those? Will you enlighten my darling heart?

And to my dearest jelly, I have seen your point! Oh what a wonderful mind you possess!CjBeats,449,MY LOVELY ARRA OH TO SEE THINE FACE FILLS MY HEART WITH SUCH JOY!!

Tell me, my dearest Arra, doth thou have any thoughts?Scythe,450,"Shall I compare thee to a summer day?"
"You're both hot."Vizier,451,
Nothing really rattles around in this dead head of mine, but I figure I can dig something up to support an idea I have.CjBeats,452,Oh superb! I shall await your return with bated breath!Vizier,453,There's. Not a cupid/lovers role in this setup. Right?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,454,Days I wish I had a vig shotVizier,455,



Edit: Posted meme twice.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,456,You are exceptionally wishy-washy.

[Vote]CJ[/Vote]CjBeats,457,You no longer need one, for this comment is already a knife to the heart! Oh what a cruel, black, wicked, twisted, nasty heart you must possess to say such rudeness to one such as me!CjBeats,458,A man merely knows when to change his mind when faced with arguments that make sense! My mind is not fixed, it is open to one’s voices!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,459,Mmmmmhmmm
You're really wishy washy, not changing your mind with good arguments. It's more that anytime anyone puts any push back on your opinions, you drop back. You've done it like 4 times.Vizier,460,

TheHorla,461,I explicitly stated earlier that my scumread of skrim was pretty weak, so my "confidence" is really just a strawman.
No, you're getting paranoid. You assumed that pandas posting "I don't have an alignment" makes him scummy or a jester - what logically follows is that you assumed he was lying about not having an alignment. If you thought he was telling the truth, his statement is obviously NAI, since he made it before he had an alignment!TheHorla,462,There is literally figuratively nothing to use to form a mito read right now.TheHorla,463,Final thought: Grones is funny as heck, but most of his posts substantively add up to "I want to lynch mito and skrim" or "Thoughts?"Grones,464,A used car for your thots?Grones,465,Lies and deception, mutiny! He be a conspirator, I quoted the ruffian.Mitochondria,466,Pi, do you have an argument against me which doesn’t boil down to “oh he TRs me which means he’s scum trying to pocket me”? I’d hope yes if I’m one of your top lynch targets today Red_Pandas,467,I ran out of reactions, expect no communication from me for exactly 24 hoursMitochondria,468,Maybe this post? Idk, I guess I’m biased but I genuinely fail to see how any of this is scummy. First quote was RVS, second was genuine curiosity and trying to spark discussion, third was my read at the time and an attempt to get some non-RVS discussion going. Fourth is setup spec and thus bad, but ehRed_Pandas,469,the rule hasn't changed at all
probably..
we don't know for sureRed_Pandas,470,yeah tbh no ai in thereGrones,471,Yarrr! I be quoting yer crimes! Ye set us off-course with yer insinuation that post mods be alignment indicative/one o'them be scum! Subtle, but powerful derailing! Typical mutineering!MrEevee7,472,Why mito?
This does seem like a bit of an overreaction thoughRed_Pandas,473,trying to find out why you're scum read is not overreactingGrones,474,Arghh! I be explainin meself o'er and o'er!Grones,475,Jelly be sailing under our radar, methinks.Grones,476,[vote] Gikkle [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,477,
"Slipping under radar"
votes gikkle.

also smh at not reading any of my arguments with CJRed_Pandas,478,I really don't get the thread title tbhGrones,479,With respect, ye olde cap'n closes his eyes and scrolls past e'ery word Cj posts10000 Jelly Doughnuts,480,Oh okay, understandable why you missed it and scum read me. Have a nice day.Grones,481,SR ye? Ne'er said that! Don't ye be puttin words in me mouth like some kind o' freshwater tv show hostMrEevee7,482,No, it's not. But he could have awaited groness response instead of writing an essay. I just found it a bit odd is all.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,483,But you do so...Grones,484,Should I? 


Arghhh!Grones,485,But that were me reasoning! He be askin for me reasoning, and found it! This be a weird position to take, Eevee. I'll have ye swabbing decks for a week for this!Skrimiche,486,good news: the cats like me
bad news: im allergic to catsSkrimiche,487,onions are divine you take that back

sure, gimme a min

ahaha yeah ive never done that as town myself ahahaha
ahaha
aha10000 Jelly Doughnuts,488,Yes. Go on!MrEevee7,489,Well since he clearly wasn't satisfied with the reasoning id expect him to not say anything about it then attack you if thats all you said it was in case there were more reasoningGrones,490,So ye admit to being a scalleywag?!Grones,491,Why would he say nothing? Is he a mute? A dumb landlubber? No, he be a tricksy siren, speech be his gift.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,492,Yes

(I shouldn't have to do the joke here but I will)MrEevee7,493,So that he makes sure he doesn't attack you needlessly..? It's what i would do at leastGrones,494,Why would he be wary o'attacking me "needlessly"? He be scared o' me?Grones,495,This be no laughing matter!Skrimiche,496,On second thought, I agree with Cj on this? Whoops. Not sure why I thought it felt wrong. Might've been the "subjective" bit triggering a primal response in me.

The only thing he questioned from that list (Azmimel scumreading me/Gikkle + townreading Hunter/Panda/Cj) was the scumread on me, which is strange. I'm not sure why he would pick to exclusively focus on me there.

(Context: Grones offers me & Gikkle as lynch candidates, then votes Gikkle, then 2 posts after voting Gikkle tells Cj to stop discussing role PMs because it's derailing the thread*, then 2 posts after that votes Cj.
*@Grones did I get that right? Just wanna make sure I'm understanding the pirate lingo. :3)

I was going to say: "Cj shouldn't be calling out others for being wishy-washy when he's been doing it himself", but when I looked back at the actual posts I had in mind from him, I actually think the progression might be natural? He basically went through the same "Panda scumslipped" --> "Panda/Machine just goofed up" thought process as me, although he stayed at Stage #1 of that longer than I did.


Spoiler: Cj posts












@Gikkle what do you make of this^? My confidence is shattered and my night is ruined. :<Skrimiche,497,@ the cj debacle: im gonna sleep on it
and by sleep on it i mean im gonna forget about it until i remember that im playing in this game tomorrow and check the thread
o/Grones,498,Man, I have no idea, I, myself, lose half the meaning while typing up these posts

ARrghh I mean, ye be right on the trrrrreasure lass!HunterC98,499,isee that we have made a lovely circle of conversation....right where we started 'n such...10000 Jelly Doughnuts,500,You missed how he said I was scummy and then I gave a single response and he decided that was okay.

Hmmm. I don’t have an opinion on mark right now and that concerns me.Red_Pandas,501,very relatableTheHorla,502,I don't actually believe this, fyiTheHorla,503,Day 1 Votecount:
(2) nolynch: Gikkle, HunterC98
(2) cjbeats: 10000 Jelly Doughnuts, Red_Pandas
(2) gikkle: Azmimel, Grones
(1) mreevee7: Skrimiche
(1) chucklenuts: DAREALMoneyMan
(1) mitochondria: Mitochondria
(1) thehorla: Vizier
(3) Not voting: TheHorla, MrEevee7, CjBeats

You can view this votecount and all previous votecounts in the #votecounts channel in Discord.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,504,You can not believe it. I am saying this because as of this moment, it's true.

I'll go through your posts and see what I think after that.MrEevee7,505,[vote] gikkle [/vote]
@GikkleGrones,506,Argh! Well I don't be believing yer disbelief!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,507,

Spoiler: Mark's posts






PREGAME ^
---






























I think these are all of mark's post, did it by hand though so possible I missed one. Going to do a little step by step and assign arbitrary points to each post. These points add up to a fake final score that is entirely real and will determine my read.

Which will come in the next post so I can actually click on the quotes and read them as I'm drafting my response.
---

EDIT: hopefully fixed spoilers
EDIT 2: hopefully fixed spoilers?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,508,The first quarter of the day was rather weak until Mark enters in with his Pandas post, providing evidence to a joke gone awry. Nothing about the post is outstanding towny or scummy wise, although at the time it may have looked as a controversial opinion because of how everyone seemed to be whipped up into a frenzy about Pandas 'scum slip'
+1 Town Points

Asks about Pi pressuring eevee, which is incredibly NAI.

Goes back on his eevee read and admits it's impulsive, agreeing with mito. This I think marks the real end of the Eevee Pandas debate, although people would later also enforce their opinions on it.+1 Town points for admitting fault.

Dislikes a no-lynch, especially honing in on Azimel when at the time there were 4 people actually on the no-lynch train, asking none of them! I'm hesitant to call it tunneling, because it's not quite as aggressive as that, but in a couple posts down still thinks scum team could consist of Azimel, focusing on several things like Azimel considering Pandas to be jester. However, in the thread there were a fair amount of people considering jester as an option, why did Mark latch onto Azimel's posts about that and call it scummy? I feel as if there is some minor tunneling or busing here. +1 Scum points.

(Although looking at skrim's posts, they are rather weak in general, not providing reasoning until after someone calls her out on it bugs me as disinterested at the least and scummy at the most. Either way, NOT GOOD)

Mark continues to attack Azimel for things that other people did as well. +1 scum points. (Half the game was PM/setup speculating. Off the top of my head, Skrim and I did.)

Azimel sets up strawman; the argument continues. I'm now more leaning towards T/S or even T/T. I doubt S/S would use such terrible pushes to bus, and both Azimel and Mark would be fairly coordinated and careful on a bus if this were the case.

Final post is IIoA, heistant to assign scum or town intent to it, but I would argue that seems fairly out of character for him.

Final Score: 2 town points, 2 scum. An Azimel flip would be extremely helpful for resolving Mark; I think. If Az flips scum, Mark's a god-tier townie, because I don't see bussing in this scenario. If Az flips town, I'd hit mark with an investigative or a lynch.

Anyway, my thoughts on Mark. Minor ones on other people that have slipped under my radar.

---
Vizier (Arra): The vibes he gives off seem like someone rusty at mafia, not new. He has played in a couple minis here, but not ones that would justify his knowledge and apparent paranoia about lovers/cupid. I am extremely hesitant to say 'coaching' because that A: make me look like a jerk, and B: has bitten me on the butt of course. It's possible he researched and gained knowledge, and I think that my initial paranoia of 'COACHING?!!?!1!' is unfounded. Slight TR.

Hunter: TR. I have no idea how much Hunter has played before, but I'll assume he's new. He seems townie overwhelmed with learning the game. I think scum would provide more guidance in scum chat if he had rolled wolf. Of course, if Hunter does flip wolf, I think we can assume that wolves are inactive. 

Pi: Pi's town. I just feel it. Gut reasoning is of course bad, but he's acting like he does as town. 

Eevee: I think Eevee is a slight town lean for me, his confusion earlier with Pandas feels genuine. Also I don't think scum eevee naked votes like town does.HunterC98,509,If its anything worth mentioning, I was also aware of a Lovers style of role by Youtube....so that is a full possibilities.Gikkle,510,I'm not sure why you're tagging me specifically when I haven't really interacted with Cj but whatever

Also not sure if you are asking what I think of what you're saying about him or Cj in general

Your analysis is weird
One of your posts is like, why not just ask him why he picked the SR on you out of the others to question. Why make this statement without first asking Cj? Unless you did and I missed it...

I'm not too sure what the point of this analysis is if your conclusion is just "he might be town". Did you have some kind of big SR on him or something and this was supposed to be what made you turn around on that? I don't quite understand why you'd do an analysis on someone and just come up with "his progression MIGHT be natural", unless you strongly SRed them, but I don't see a reason why you would this early. 

Is this supposed to be some kind of test? I genuinely don't understand why you would make this post and not come up with a better conclusion than this.

My opinion on Cj? Idk, I haven't bothered trying to read him. Only people I've formed reads on are Mark(TR), Mito(LTR), Pandas(TR), and Eevee(LSR). Maybe someone else I've forgotten about, idk.Gikkle,511,How come you can't delete post drafts anymore :/Skrimiche,512,i did? p sure i only did it for like 2 posts before realizing it was a dead end

what other info would an azmimel flip give?

because i love you

i
...
hey @CjBeats why did you pick out the SR on me out of the others to question

i thought i had a (lightish?) scumread on him but then i lost confidence in it when i went to look at the posts that pinged me

gosh gikkle dont make me spell it out
it's 'cause im baaad ( ༎ຶ ۝ ༎ຶ )Red_Pandas,513,feeling good, might make 1 singular readGikkle,514,w.shoot Skrimiche
Mmm
Alright
What's your current read on Cj now then? Null? Light TR?
Sorry Red_Pandas,515,what do this meanGikkle,516,Information instead of analysisRed_Pandas,517,well I managed to read an entire ISO without forming any opinions at all
10000 Jelly Doughnuts,518,Information on Pandas. If Azimel flips scum, I'd say its safe to assume Pandas isn't scum.
That happens sometimes :/Skrimiche,519,if 1 is town and 10 is scum, then he's at about a 6Grones,520,Who ye ruffians be lynching?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,521,I'd be fine with a CJ or Azimel lynch for reasons stated somewhere in the thread.

Or you for the memes.HunterC98,522,about 6 hours till the notalynch happens, if someone is intent on going in the gallows, time is a running out..Gikkle,523,I think I'm top wagon rn
idek whyTheHorla,524,Why does gikkle have votes lolHunterC98,525,Oh? Welp, guess the gallows will be claiming a soul.....less folks wise up.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,526,Agreed, looks like some of them are for no reason lolRed_Pandas,527,[unvote][/unvote]TheHorla,528,Really don't understand the case against gikkle (literally none of his posts have registered with me.) Reading back, but until then [vote]No lynch[/vote]HunterC98,529,all i have on Gikkle so far is some very brazen remarks that honestly read as trying to bluff about an assigned role, and as much as i actually wanna vote for him..it just doesnt seem worth lynching in my eyes..Skrimiche,530,not me? ;O

also what
people are voting gikkle?HunterC98,531,A handful are, but right now looks like No lynch is winning.Grones,532,Yarrr! no lynching be a funny!

[vote] no lynch [/vote]TheHorla,533,You going to explain why you were originally on the gikkle wagon and are now switching off?TheHorla,534,Day 1 Votecount:
(4) nolynch: Gikkle, Grones, TheHorla, HunterC98
(1) cjbeats: 10000 Jelly Doughnuts
(2) gikkle: Azmimel, MrEevee7
(1) mreevee7: Skrimiche
(1) chucklenuts: DAREALMoneyMan
(1) mitochondria: Mitochondria
(1) thehorla: Vizier
(2) Not voting: Red_Pandas, CjBeats
The next votecount will be processed in 0.5 hours. You can view this votecount and all previous votecounts in the #votecounts channel in Discord.Grones,535,Methinks he be conspirators along the vile Skrimiche. Their RVS be more rotton than a landlubber's body left at sea.Grones,536,I be opposed to sendin ol' sailor Azimel down ye plankGrones,537,Both o' these 'ere sailors be experienced voyagers. They be from Port Chucklefish. 

Methinks yer Arra read be mighty suspiciousitious, on me grandmother's warts! Ye say ye be disregardin yer paranoia and yer seasickness, an' then ye reckon 'im a loyal sailor. If ye aint factorin in no coaching, none o'that, then what have ye to base yer read o'him? Ye mention but nothin else!TheHorla,538,Expand on this please?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,539,Why?
Yea but if someone starts playing mafia again after a break, it takes them a bit to get in the groove of things.
Also arra’s posted like 15 times, most of them being memes, calm a bit down in asking for a surefire read. I saw one post that was weird and then discounted it when I was being unreasonable.MrEevee7,540,[unvote] [/unvote]MrEevee7,541,Why are we no lynching..?Grones,542,Then why ye be readin 'im as a loyal sailor, instead o' null?Grones,543,erybody be voting Skrimiche off the plank early, an' Gikkle be mighty strange when he be doing it.


These posts be soundin' the bells o' enemy fire, methinks.

Voyagin on, he be letting out mysterious words

An' with no explanation o'er th'horizon

He be a dangerous pirate, methinksAzmimel,544,Reading up right now. One of us should be on for EoD.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,545,I said slight town read. Like so slight it nearly doesn’t matter.Grones,546,Hmmmmmm
Arrrrrrr ye suuurrrre 'bout that? Ye clearrrrly considered it important enough t'include in yer listAzmimel,547,[unvote][/unvote]

I didn't vote at all yesterday, so I'm almost certain that the Gikkle vote is from RVS.



I logged on a couple of minutes after he posted claiming mafia. I think the above is my first post of the day.I guessed this was a ploy by him to get voted, and that sharing the information about his PM was another way to make himself suspicious. It didn't matter to my argument that was he said was the truth or not, what mattered is that he decided to share it with us.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,548,I literally said above it: people who have been slipping under my radar. Smh illiterate pirate.Grones,549,Hmrrrrrr
Arghhhh
I be keepin me good eye on ye, tricksy sea dogRorschach,550,Guys remember to submit your flavors for game B, EOD is coming up and so is the deadline for that. Please submit it in your game B folder excel if possible, that automates things and makes the turnaround a lot quicker.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,551,Oh. Yea I should do that.DAREALMoneyMan,552,Just read and up and things. Not going to bother to give reads on people I didn't pay attention to. Even though I have done it in the past, I am disappointed people aren't following up on stuff they think is scummy just because jester is possible in this game. You guys are better than me!

Azmimel thingy



Spoiler: Full ISO




























































Spoiler: Notable Posts




Reported for bad takes. You are trying to rationalize his scummy behavior via "oh maybe post modifier!" 
I'd like to mention that I didn't find what Panda said about his pm not including his faction was scummy! If it was true, I feel like the other scum mates would notice, given the team follows the typical 1:4 ratio, they were missing someone. Back on topic, if you say he was being so scummy (even if obvious), why are you attempting to find an excuse for him (oh, he is probably Jester, or has a post modifier). Just because it is possible in the game does not mean you value it over dayplay. ALSO, a post modifier making you act scummy is stupid and I don't see Machine adding it. You could then chalk off all scummy behaviors to the modifier.
Because it was a joke? He was making light of the situtation?
Take note for later (referring to Panda).
It is always RVS for Panda (but I agree we shouldn't pass things off just because they say "oH it was RVS!"). You say here that you don't think he is towny, and referring to above post you said he was either village idiot or neutral. Thus, you think he is neutral in your own words. If you really thought he was neutral, why aren't you trying to see what type of neutral he is or voting him!
Town points here.

I have done this along with many other people in many other games. It is an obvious joke I:
NAI!! I don't think admitting that you made a boo boo is alignment indicative.
Refer to the post above x2
Well I don't think he really needed to say it was a joke considering it was obvious.
Too lazy to see what you are responding to here :/
Already said why this is stupid!



[vote]Azmimel[/vote]

I am also suspicious of Cj and Panda but I have other things to do. Like Bike. And Eat. And SleepDAREALMoneyMan,553,Also Mark you should give me the ISO bot!TheHorla,554,I am too tired to keep arguing here but this is another strawman. I am saying that if panda did not know his alignment, then him posting "I don't have an alignment" is obviously NAI. If you think he is lying for some reason, that is a different argument (and closer to the one you made.) When reading pandas, it matters what you thought his PM read; that is why I said you were speculating about his PM.Rorschach,555,Ryast has the ISO bot, not Mark.TheHorla,556,Ryast posted a link in #announcementsSkrimiche,557,why me owo
your post elaborating on this only had gikkle quotes

do you think azmimel & pandas are on the same scumteam or different scum alignmentsGrones,558,Gikkle be voting ye, then he be opposed t'me voting ye. It be worrying, like an ill tide.MrEevee7,559,Is there a reason were no lynching..?HunterC98,560,cause most everyone who was willing to lynch has either no voted or unvoted.Grones,561,Nightfall be in 10 minutesGrones,562,Arrrr! I be wrrrrrong! 50 minutes!Red_Pandas,563,[vote] no-lynch [/vote]
why notGrones,564,[vote] panda [/vote] 
I be a wacky pirateSkrimiche,565,bruh you made me panicHunterC98,566,I made myself panic..i thought i missed it.Skrimiche,567,[vote]no-lynch[/vote]Mitochondria,568,Refuse to vote for a D1 no lynch on principle so uh

[vote] Skrim [/vote]Mitochondria,569,Actually nah, I think Skrim's fine

[vote] Gikkle [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,570,Why Gikkle?Gikkle,571,i'm a good boi
I just like human flesh, nothing wrong with thatMitochondria,572,Bad gut feel, didn't do much of anything today, no other targets I feel strongly about right now.Mitochondria,573,Actually that's a lie, my pet theory is that Pi's scum but y'all ain't ready for that discussion yetDAREALMoneyMan,574,SameDAREALMoneyMan,575,Wait- why are we no lynching? Meh.Grones,576,I'lla turn'a you into'a pasta lasagna mama miaHunterC98,577,captain....who is this italian dude?TheHorla,578,Oh I'm ready for that discussion!


Re: today's lynch, fine with no lynch since the gikkle wagon is really weak and I'm not confident in anyone else (even azmimel) to eliminate.Rorschach,579,Esther is wheeled into the large room by a rather tall butler fellow, his tailcoats hovering so as not to touch the floor, and he carefully unfolds a little table and places it in the center of the room.

"You really chose not to lynch anyone?" Esther says distastefully, her eyes narrowing, eyelids you never knew were there stretching to do so. "You are all fools. You have one minute to kill someone. Or else." She says, as the butler places a large shotgun on the table. 

The first player to reply to this post with [SHOOT] @Player [/SHOOT] will take the gun and kill the player they tag.Grones,580,Who arrrrrre ye an' what ye done to th'real MarkTheHorla,581,Ever since gikkle and I got stats on our D1 lynch record, I've come around pretty hard in favour of D1 no-lynching when we have zero clue what to do. We used to NL all the time (and had a decent track record back then) - we should revive the practice!Grones,582,ARGHHH NOBODY TAKE TH'GUNGrones,583,IF ANY O' YE USE TH'GUN I BE HUNTIN' FOR YE TILL THE END O' ME DAYSRorschach,584,"Well? I'm waiting. If you do not do it, I will kill three of you where you stand." Esther says tersely.Gikkle,585,[SHOOT]@Rorschach[/SHOOT]TheHorla,586,Yeah, anyone who uses this gun without discussion gets lynched today.Grones,587,AAAAAAAAAADAREALMoneyMan,588,Can we kill Azmel Grones,589,AAAAAAAAAARRRDAREALMoneyMan,590,WE NEED TO CHOOSE SOMEONE OR 3 MORE DIE - I DON'T WANT TO DIEETheHorla,591,Everyone, relax. 

If machine wants us to lynch someone, then we'll do it. Do not shoot.Gikkle,592,kinda wanna shoot skrim... Not for any good reason, I've just always wanted to do it in a proper mafia game instead of a wolfia game...DAREALMoneyMan,593,but what if I shot scum :>Rorschach,594,There is no Rorschach in the game.Grones,595,How about I shoot ye, ye scalleywagGikkle,596,what happens if I shoot myselfDAREALMoneyMan,597,guys there is 1 minute until eod so we dont have time to change the wagon from no lynchGrones,598,RIP 3 people arrrrrghDAREALMoneyMan,599,I rather that then 3 random people dyingGikkle,600,[SHOOT]@Gikkle[/SHOOT]

LETS GOOORorschach,601,You lose the game if you shoot yourself.

EOD was 15 minute ago. Welcome to twilight.Grones,602,NOOOOOOOO ARGHHHGikkle,603,Great!Rorschach,604,Action not submitted properly.Grones,605,[shoot]@Mitochondria[/shoot]
GIKKLE WHY ARGHHHDAREALMoneyMan,606,WHY10000 Jelly Doughnuts,607,oh shoot, no pun intended.Gikkle,608,[SHOOT] @Gikkle [/SHOOT]DAREALMoneyMan,609,watch as mito is scum though lmaoGrones,610,I BE SO CONFUSED HELP MEEEEEGrones,611,NO 
ARGHHH STOP WHYYYYGikkle,612,You didn't do it correctly either, you fool!

SEE Y'ALL IN THE AFTERLIFE

IT'S BETTER THAN SLOWLY WALKING FOR ETERNITY TOWARDS MY ROOMDAREALMoneyMan,613,why has my post count in twilight been triple than that of dayGrones,614,[SHOOT] @Mitochondria [/SHOOT]

Arghhh! TAKE MINE NOT GIKKLE I BE THE CAP'NTheHorla,615,...Grones,616,MITO BE SCUM YARR HARR HARRGrones,617,Arghhh I be blamin' Gikkle 
He be an agent o' chaos, a bombardier10000 Jelly Doughnuts,618,What the heck was that?1Grones,619,GIKKLE BE TOWN IF HE BE SHOOTIN' 'IMSELF 

I BE SAVIN A LOYAL SAILOR ABOARD THIS VESSEL10000 Jelly Doughnuts,620,I meant with mito, but honestly thanks for the explanation for town gikkle too?TheHorla,621,gikkle is town right lol

like

there's no wayRorschach,622,
Gikkle and Grones rush for the gun, however, Grones is just a bit faster, pulling the gun out and aiming it at @Mitochondria.

The gun explodes in his face, and @Grones topples to the ground.






"That's better." Esther says. "Perhaps this will teach the rest of you to be more decisive." She says, gesturing as the butler wheels her out of the room, picking up the gun from the corpse of Grones as they pass.

Day 1 has ended.Gikkle,623,I have a thick shell skull, I can take it!Grones,624,If Gikkle be shootin' 'imself, he be violatin' the CODE! He be breakin 'is wincon, so the 'eavens be strikin 'im down in MODKILL

but he be shootin' 'imself

a negative times a negative be a positive YARRRRR 

HE LIVES!
@Rorschach LET 'IM LIVEGikkle,625,c'mon man!TheHorla,626,jfcGrones,627,????
GIKKLE BE FIRST YARRRRAzmimel,628,EXCUSE ME 

wtfGrones,629,@Rorschach Gikkle actually shot and formatted correctly before me, though.Gikkle,630,I am canonically the slowest person in this game. I will probably not make it to my room until September/October.DAREALMoneyMan,631,no role flip?Gikkle,632,^ this

I shot myself fair and square! Let it happen!Grones,633,day is over no more discussion!!!!Rorschach,634,Night has started. No further game discussion is allowed. I did not make any errors.Rorschach,635,Forgot to add the song to the Start of Night Post.
Updated.Grones,636,@Rorschach title btwRorschach,637,As you all begin to enter the main dining area for breakfast, you recognize an old, surprisingly not dead face. @Grones was fortunate, and the gunshot blast was not fatal. On the other hand... @MrEevee7 will not be joining you. Not only are both of his left legs missing, but he is in fact, dead. The poor centaur.

The stench of death is strong. There's a raven sitting on the tables. Dead. A nametag on it indicates that its name was "Clive."
A note from Esther sits with it. "Don't disappoint me today. Or I will make sure you are disappointed in yourselves."



Spoiler: MrEevee7 Flip



Virgil the Centaur, the Village Lie Detecting Oracular Vigilante



I hope you enjoy your breakfast as the sun rises...

Day will end at 4:30 PM EST on Sunday, August 8th, with a Twilight of 1.5 hours.Skrimiche,638,uh ohhhhRed_Pandas,639,that seems that it would be powerfulGikkle,640,I've totally forgotten basically everything that happened in this game

Who did we suspect again? Mito?Azmine,641,Pi, did anything happen while you were "dead"Azmimel,642,you’re on the wrong accountAzmimel,643,Wow that's crazyHunterC98,644,Oh captain my captain, are you still alive?TheHorla,645,How does Oracular work?Red_Pandas,646,by miracle, probably caused by him being coolRorschach,647,Ask question, receive answer.TheHorla,648,Was the scope of the questions limited in any way?Rorschach,649,
HunterC98,650,Answer it NOBALLSGikkle,651,Isoing myself to jog my memory as to what has happened


Spoiler: my posts












































Gikkle,652,Mark/Pandas/Grones I guess are my TRs for today? Idk I'm going with my past self

I also apparently TRed Mito but idk whyGikkle,653,ISOing Eevee for nk analysis purposes


Spoiler: Eevee ISO






























Gikkle,654,Eevee's main contribution was pushing Pandas
Some shade thrown on Mito at some point too but nothing significantGikkle,655,[VOTE]Pandas[/VOTE]

carrying on my boy eevee's legacy!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,656,The pandas argument isn't really strong at all. I wouldn't think mafia would go and try to frame Pandas by killing eevee when the read was mediocre.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,657,I'm honestly confused about the NK in general. Eevee is usually lynchbait, not a NK. What is mafia doing?Gikkle,658,Doesn't your second sentence support the pandas argument
They aren't gonna be trying to frame him, so the only real reason to kill Eevee is to silence him if pandas is scumGikkle,659,In what game was eevee killed n1 because mafia was purposefully doing weird kills
Can anyone remind meMitochondria,660,I'm gonna be honest, I forgot everything that was happening in this game

Big wtf to Pi for trying to kill me when I wasn't on at the very end of the last day phase, not a fan of that play at all. Personal feelings about getting merc'd aside, it was super impulsive and, imo, big scum energy to make a move like that.Grones,661,I lived *****Grones,662,Yarrr ye be scumGrones,663,No yarrrrrGrones,664,It was be to save Gikkle and 3 townies yarrrr

Ye be scumAzmimel,665,Any thoughts beyond thatGrones,666,The mutineers be cowards n killed a sailor who ne'er voted a soul. We be hardp'essed t'read this 'ere kill.Grones,667,He be scum
I be a soulreadin cap'nTheHorla,668,I am backAzmimel,669,I mean you soulread jelly last game so I'm almost inclined to believe you.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,670,Ah. Yea. Whoops. Sorry. Yea. That's what I mean.Rorschach,671,Hi back, I'm dad.Red_Pandas,672,Ngl I would probably be the mafia member that would be the most sacrifice-able
I don't think mafia would want to keep ,me alone so much they kill eevee just for having a slight scum read on me
if I had a powerful role maybe
but I dont think that would be the entire reason the kill happenedAzmimel,673,This post reeks of town idkGrones,674,Mafia most likely be lookin at votes
Eevee be a no-voter
they be killin 'imTheHorla,675,Sorry just quoting this post as a test10000 Jelly Doughnuts,676,What do you mean?Azmimel,677,Why would they want to kill a novoter?Grones,678,Mafia be wishin' t'lay low. They be murderin' sailors who 'ave no strong reads. Eevee ended day on no vote, yarrr!Grones,679,This be no hypothetical. Look'er at the vote counts, ye scalleywag. Eevee be never votin.Azmimel,680,Yes, but what's your pointCjBeats,681,Did not most of the lads and ladies within this establishment either not vote or vote for a no-lynch? I do not think voting is the right way to look at this.Grones,682,-_-
Ye be intentionally obtuse, yarrrrAzmimel,683,Probably, it's kinda lateGrones,684,The laws o' this ship, the Game C, be dictatin' that any sailor that be killed, be a loser. If ye wish to win this 'ere voyage, ye live. The wincons be different, and we be no-lynchin'.Red_Pandas,685,why?Red_Pandas,686,I didn't post yesterday when I first read stuff but Gikkle's vote on me purely off of continuing Eevee's legacy
it just doesn't seem like something a town would actually doRed_Pandas,687,I like azmimels posts tbhRed_Pandas,688,It feels like Eevee was pretty controversial yesterday and slightly scum read so I'm confused on why scum decided to kill EeveeRed_Pandas,689,sorry for the quintuple post O_O

I kiiiind of don't like Skrim's posts, but not enough to feel like it deserves a scumread
I think I need some others thoughts for this read
what do y'all think of Skrim?Grones,690,Ye be right, we be sendin her off the plank10000 Jelly Doughnuts,691,What’s up with Skrim?Grones,692,/shrug
YarrCjBeats,693,/shrug?Red_Pandas,694,I was thinking something a bit more specific but I guess that worksGrones,695,I be messin' with Pandas
He may be a mutineer, methinks 
"Skrimiche should die maybe? Thoughts?" 
Be the mutineer words.Red_Pandas,696,that is an extreme misinterpretation of my words, captain.Grones,697,A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P 
a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p 


yarr!Grones,698,YarrrRed_Pandas,699,yeah but then that makes it confusing to quoteGikkle,700,who da heck tripped over me last nightGikkle,701,@Red_Pandas what are your reads?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,702,Was that you lol?CjBeats,703,What doth thou mean trip?Skrimiche,704,you forgot why you scumread me, didnt youGikkle,705,was it you, Jelly?!! Very rude!CjBeats,706,Pwease Gikkle wikkle, expwain to wittle ole me.Gikkle,707,someone tripped over me CjBeats,708,I do not understand.Gikkle,709,you don't need to.CjBeats,710,HmmGrones,711,Yarrrr, I be questionin' the importance o' this voyage 

I propose a nolynch again! Yarrr!
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Gikkle,712,can't believe mafia chose eevee to lose first
they must hate eevee personally, since he wasn't even that big of a voice
wow mafia, so rude10000 Jelly Doughnuts,713,Look, I didn't mean to.Gikkle,714,I also got a pillow last night, thanks to whoever gave that to me. much comfy.Red_Pandas,715,any apparent consequences or effects?
Almost no reads tbh, but so far Pi TR and Azmimel slight tr
Pi we have to get flip info at SOME point
Agreed
any effects?Azmimel,716,Not a single sr?Red_Pandas,717,Nope, not one!Red_Pandas,718,Money has barely posted and the only post he seemed to put effort into is just weak arguments against already weak-ish points
it's not like bad-bad so I'm not sure if it is enough to make me feel like a possible S!Money or not
but it is thereRed_Pandas,719,this isn't responding to Azmimel's question, this is cause I JUST looked at Money's postsGikkle,720,who we killinTheHorla,721,[vote]Grones[/vote]

Still very loopy right now, but my reasoning right now is something like this:
- voting no lynch on D1 is an actually sound idea, but voting no lynch on D2 is bad
- him picking up the gun and shooting mito was actually really scummy
- gonna say that still being alive after being blown up is kinda scummy, despite his (feigned?) surprise todayTheHorla,722,The flip side of this argument, though, is that shooting another player is a better play than shooting yourself. Obviously what gikkle did was super townie, but he had a 100% chance of killing town; from town-pi's perspective, he had a 1/4 chance of hitting scum, which is better odds than gikkle's play.

The other tinfoil theory is that gikkle is scum, knew the thing was harmless, and shot himself for town points, but that strikes me as super unlikely.

Still overall, decent scumread on grones for now; I'll keep my vote here for now.Red_Pandas,723,I have no ideaRed_Pandas,724,The forced killing at EoD had almost no hints beforehand possibly revealing it, Mafia would almost never know whether it was real/fake unless Esther (or whoever the person was, I think thats who) is working with the mafia.
I feel like Gikkle self-shot would be extremely risky of a play from scum so that makes me feel like it was a town move.
I would have to check back but if Pi had an SR on Mito it can make sense from a town PoV
however from what I remember, and saw from reading back for reads, Mito wasn't his strongest SR at least from appearance, as compared to people like Skrim and Gikkle (iirc)

Decent point though overall, I didn't do much speculating on pi's shots so this could be a very possible thing
This also makes sense
also I keep forgetting that pi got blown up by itharass,725,never knew a new mafia game was going on
/backupTheHorla,726,I mean, I don't want to speculate too much since there's just a chance the thing was harmless for anyone. But it's a big ??? why he's still here

I also have some thoughts about his actual reads but I really need sleep, I'll post them asap tomorrow; hopefully we can get decent discussion in the last 12ish hours or so and get a decent lynchTheHorla,727,Oh yeah I forgot lol

Grones is voting no lynch even after what happened yesterday

Machine sent a clear message that no lynches -> bad, and grones is basically going "yeah let's touch that hot poker again yarrrr"Grones,728,I be forgivin Mark's votes o' me since he be dyin' and recoverin', from his landlubber vaccine.Grones,729,Also, Mito be scum.CjBeats,730,Then why not vote him instead of a no lynch?Red_Pandas,731,[VOTE] Grones [/VOTE] igGrones,732,Pandas and Mito be scum, methinks

Panda be a timid scum, he be saying this





He never be taking strong stances aboard his vessel. He be test th'waters, lookin' through a glass t'see if fellow mutineers be with 'im. 

Mito/Panda/Someone else 
Mutineerers! 

[vote] Panda [/vote]Red_Pandas,733,I never have strong stances on anything in mafia
this isnt a new thingGrones,734,Maybe so, but ye be testin' th'water to mislynch POOR SKRIMICHE YARRRRRRed_Pandas,735,"I kiiiind of don't like Skrim's posts, but not enough to feel like it deserves a scumread"
as in
"I don't have a Skrim SR because their posts aren't quite bad enough"
also don't you have a Skrim SR?Grones,736,No, I be spurrin ye on t'see what ye do
I be naked votin Skrimiche, and ye went "ok cool". That be tellin' me ye perfectly good with her bein' thrown o'erboard. If ye didn't SR her, why ye be sayin:
Hmmm? 
Yerrrrrr a scum one! Mr Grinch!Red_Pandas,737,I was trying to say "maybe elaborate on why"
worded in a passive-aggressive kind of wayGikkle,738,Why are y'all voting Grones10000 Jelly Doughnuts,739,Money's busy rn.

Pandas reads are a bit sheepish imo, I could see a scum pandas. Placeholder vote, so I don’t get punished if I didn’t vote.

Sorry, busy today. Might be on before EOD but I don’t see it. 

[Vote]Pandas[/Vote]TheHorla,740,I actually agree on the pandas read but why is Mito scum lolGrones,741,Gut and this post
YarrrrTheHorla,742,I'm a bit more sane now fyi

It's kinda suspicious that jelly is parroting pi's vote JUST as I vote grones, which I did not expect

So I see sorta two possible scum teams: pandas/azmine or jelly/piTheHorla,743,That post is fine? I would scumread you if you shot me. And Mito has barely done anything so no idea how you can have a gut read on them in any direction.Grones,744,One death wasn't enough for these mutineer traitors yarrrGrones,745,T H E G U T 

Y A R RRed_Pandas,746,Mark made some posts about it
who am I sheeping with my votes though?
that post is fine?
gut is not enough hereRed_Pandas,747,with my reads*Red_Pandas,748,im pretty sure all my reads are original except the Pi read which ofc is because of markTheHorla,749,Yeah pandas is wheeling votes iirc, he's just being super underconfidentGikkle,750,Oh wait people only lose the game when they are lynched? Not when nked I guess according to the wording of the ruleTheHorla,751,Should read "isn't sheeping"Gikkle,752,Spring has sprung?Azmimel,753,S-Skrim is scum?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,754,Okay on lunch (not lynch, phone) break. Let me explain my pandas read, because I didn’t even see pi’s post really in depth.

Pandas feels noncommittal in any of his reads, which isn’t AI in itself, but then he asks about Cash. Cash, who is out of the game entirely rn, has been immune to lynches and what not afaik, and tries to get suspicion on him. That’s something pretty hard to miss, and I feel like pandas is trying to make a distraction somehow. Therefore scum.

Pi’s scummy too imo, but I have that weird feeling he could be jester and hope someone would be kind enough to kill him.Azmimel,755,oh we’re doing this again, are we?Azmimel,756,From machine on the discord

"
@Player i am making the executive decision to extend day 24 hours due to some housekeeping issues I need to deal with potentially preventing me from having internet during day end.

Day will now end at 4:45 on Monday, with a twilight of 1.5 hours. 

Game B will start 15 minutes after twilight ends in games A&C.
"Mitochondria,757,[vote] Pi [/vote]

Barring a dramatic new development, my vote's probably not moving. Mark kinda stole my thunder, but here are the main reason's Pi's probably scum:
-Again, the gun play was terrible. I'm biased, yeah, but I've never been in a situation where someone's been killed right at EoD when they can't defend themselves by town. Huge town points for Gikkle for his response; Gikkle, if you're scum then congrats, you pocketted me.

-Voting for someone immediately after Mark called him out for no lynching is a bad look imo. I also think it's odd he went for Pandas instead of me (and the no lynch instead of me yesterday) considering half his posts are about he soulreads me as scum. Why is he shading me (and trying to daykill me lol) instead of getting a wagon going?

-As I said yesterday, Pi's D1 play was blegh. I can go back through the posts and find examples of all these things if anyone really wants, but I remember disliking how much he was/is controlling the thread and discussion (shooting down discussion topics he didn't like, e.g. some CJ/Jelly (?) argument from yesterday, trying to railroad my death at EoD yesterday, etc.). My pet theory is that the pirate modifier's faked so he can seem more entertaining (thus more townie) and get away with having leaps in logic by blaming misinterpretations of his post on the modifier.

Unrelated question but @Gikkle was your human flesh problem resolved last night?Grones,758,Machine be threatenin t'kill 3 people. Gikkle conftown. You? Probably scum. Yarrrr it be the best play aboard the vessel


Gettin' ye lynched be a fool's errand. easier t'get yer fellow mutineer.



Idk what this be meanin' so I be ignorin' it.

I be willin' t'hop off th'plank, but absolutely kill Mito and Panda after I flip Town yarrrr harrrGrones,759,This lynch o'me be very strrrrange. Scum motivated, obviously. Mito and Panda be needin' t'die, ye landlubbers'll see. Yarrrrrr

Last scum (if there) be unknown t'me.Grones,760,NoGrones,761,My role be verrrrrrry scummy so I be not claimin even if I be fixin' t'die. If I die, I die. I won't be winnin even if town be winnin' but I be biased, anywhoo, so do be sendin Mito and Panda off th'boat when I be gone.

Rid me o'this cursed post modifier
[vote] Panda [/vote]Red_Pandas,762,When did I ask about cash
the person I actually asked about was Skrim, Cash is just the one who I have the least of a read on out of the players I've looked at.
I actually have been forgetting that Cash is immune to stuff, but I don't even want to Lynch them so that shouldn't even matter right now
Don't use the extremely slim possibility of a jester to avoid a Lynch on them
If you could explain why he's more scummy then you that would be great
If you think there are 2 scum you know of it shouldn't matter much who you decide to kill
this doesn't make sense from town
What is this
Bad
ScummyRed_Pandas,763,Anyone else find it extremely weird that Gikkle is just now theorizing about this, instead of on day 1?

(also just noticed @Rorschach thread title is incorrect I think)Grones,764,I don't really wanna reply to this bc none of the things you said mean anything
I feel like youre purposefully misunderstanding my posts or just asking questions to appear like you're open to changing your mind, when you really just want a mislynch.

Anyways, imma dip for rest of day because I don't really understand what game C is even for? And with Mark and Mito trying to get me lynched, I'm probably dead anyways, which ofc means I lose the game and idc about town winning if I lose, cuz im a wacky selfish biatch. Anywhoo, kill Panda and Mito afterwards.

Yarrrr!Rorschach,765,When they die.Rorschach,766,Shhhhh nooooo its perfect definitely says Day 2Gikkle,767,The fact you find it weird is weird because I just went back to look at the rules and that's why I'm talking about it lolGikkle,768,I still have a craving for human flesh, but I wouldn't call it a problem.Skrimiche,769,grones town
won't be on for most of today (or this week in general tbh) but let it be known!Skrimiche,770,grones town bc he's not acting like he does as scum (from what i remember, anyways; dont rly use/pay attention to meta personally)Red_Pandas,771,You're dodging everything I said in the post, by saying I'm misunderstanding your posts. (If we're both misunderstanding each other this much that would be bad but I don't see exactly how I'm misunderstanding what you're saying.)
If you really think I'm misunderstanding your posts in a way that's harmful to the town right now, you should be correcting what you said or what I misunderstood about it. If I'm getting everything wrong I really would like to know that.
Also referring to me voting someone I SR as "wanting a mislynch" is very scummy to say imo
I can't even explain how bad this sounds
Hm, must be me then.
I just feel like half-way through D2 is a weird time to be looking back at the rules
This doesn't make sense to meTheHorla,772,Reading upRorschach,1,[No mods this is not a duplicate it makes sense if you play the game. I'm sorry that my initial setup looks like spam. We'll be using all three threads. They're not the same.]






The rain falls steadily, the castle rising up.

The carriage we follow in this wet muck sprays up mud every few yards or so, drenching any passerby more than they were before. The rickety shaft of the undercarriage creaks and groans, before the vehicle eventually comes to a stop, the horses pulling it whinnying in annoyance.

Yet another dark carriage in the line tonight, outside the front gate. Some of their inhabitants were invited and came readily...others...not so much.
Thrown in like sacks of potatoes. Today the thunder does not rush across the landscape. For this is a sad day. This is a day someone dies.

This is Mafia.

Please read the following information carefully. Many rules are not the same, and the setup is atypical from what you are familiar with. Do not sign up until you have read how to sign up.



Spoiler: What is Mafia?



Mafia is all about lies and charisma, or at least synthesized charisma. The game typically follows a cycle of discussion whereupon a player is voted out of the game, followed by a cycle where silence reigns, and players may submit their actions which could include such types of things as protection, killing, or investigation.

The game is normally composed of 2 main factions, an uninformed majority, traditionally referred to as "town" or "village," and an informed minority known as "mafia" or "wolves." The wolves' goal is to equal or outnumber the townies, while the town's goal is to eliminate all wolves.

Sometimes there are additional alignments, such as additional mafia factions, or third party roles which can win with any side, or with nobody else.






Spoiler: The General Rules



These rules do not follow a priority system. They are considered sacred, and will not take precedence over one another. These rules may be pre-empted by more game-specific rules, but unless you are explicitly told otherwise either in an official DM by me, or by a specific rule governing a thread posted by me, these rules are hard and fast.

Obey all rules associated with the forum.
Do not discuss the game outside of this thread or host-approved DMs.
Play towards you or your alignments win condition.
Do not post anything in the thread after you die. Memes are fine, as long as they are not game related in any way.
Do not post game related stuff during the cycle at which actions are traditionally resolved. (This is normally referred to as a "night" phase.)
Do not post anything I send you in a DM in any way. This includes copy-pasting, screenshotting or capturing images in any other way. I will give you explicit permission if you are allowed to share something. Otherwise, assume you are not.
Paraphrasing things is fine.
You may not delete your posts, nor edit the post such that the content of the post's meaning is changed. This means only fix grammatical or spelling mistakes if you are editing your posts.
This game will be run across three threads. You will only need to keep track of 2, and only one of those two will have discussion at a time. (Traditionally referred to as a "day" phase.)
As a moderator, I am not bound to always tell the truth. I will avoid lying where possible, but to keep the integrity of the setup, it may necessitate explicitly lying about certain functionalities until they have been triggered.
Nights will be action phases, while days will be discussion phases.
Alignments in other threads are not indicative of alignments in this thread, and vice-versa.
I will not respond to in thread tags.
I will not answer questions in thread.
I will not read questions in thread.
I will respond to my oldest DMed question first. So if you spitfire, sorry it's just I gotta handle the load in one order or another.
You may not discuss a different game in a different thread. (No discussing Game A in Game B's thread.)
This includes Game A/C Combos. Even if you're not playing in both, you may not discuss the one you're not in in your host thread.

I could lie and say that flavor isn't alignment indicative, but that would be a lie. Flavor could be alignment indicative. Or role indicative. Or both.
Duplicates are possible. Even flavor duplicates.

Vote ties are not necessarily handled the same way cycle to cycle or game to game. If not specified at the start of a cycle, assume that it is whoever was at the higher number of votes the longest.
If Player A has 8 votes and Player B has 7 votes, then someone votes player B, player A is still lynched.
If instead someone unvotes player A, player A is still lynched.

No roles are banned from play. This includes OG Jester which kills everyone when it wins.
The bot is doing vote counts. (Thanks Mark.)
Due to the nature of the setup, hydras are discouraged but not outlawed.
THERE IS NOT DEAD CHAT. 
THERE IS NO SPECTATOR'S CHAT.
YOU DO NOT RECEIVE THE ROLE LIST UPON DEATH. 
YOU MAY NOT DISCUSS THE GAME UPON DEATH.




The following three spoilers will discuss specific rules that are different between the three concurrent games. Signing up for game A or game C will also sign you up for game B.


Spoiler: Rules: Game A



As with the previous rules section, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game A's thread specifically.

The capacity of players in this thread must be at a maximum, one less than the capacity of players in Game C. For preference, this game will have two less players than Game C. It runs most optimally with 9 or more players.
Being lynched in this game means you lose the game. Winners get to live to tell about it. Losers do not.
The game follows a traditional layout of Day Discussion and Night Actions. Cycles will last approximately 48 hours each (Night=48hrs, Day=48hrs), but will be updated at the start of each cycle to clarify as needed.
The order of operations for this game is hidden. As such, you will not receive it if asking.
The "town," or uninformed majority faction will be referred to as the mafia. The informed minority will be referred to under any of the following names: "werewolf," "sleeper agent," "wolf,"or "machine why is this so unnecessarily confusing"






Spoiler: Rules: Game B



As with the previous rules sections, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game B's thread specifically.

The capacity of players in this thread is at a minimum the summation of the number of players in Games A & C.
Atypical of traditional mafia games, the discussion phase will be referred to as "Night" while the action phase will be referred to as "Day." Cycles will last 48 hours each. (Day will be 48 hours, Night will be 48 hours)
This game will start on "Day 1," meaning it will start on an action phase.
No roles will be handed out for this game until the end of Day 1's cycle. Roles will be assigned as follows:
During Day 1, you will choose a player in the game, and a flavor for them. A role will be assigned based upon that flavor.
Flavors should be something you would borrow or rent from a library or archive. This could include any of the following types of items:
Books
Movies
Music
Journalism
Photography
Or others...

You may not choose yourself as the player to receive the flavor.
You may not coordinate to ensure that everyone receives a flavor. Some books are not yet written...
If a player receives multiple flavors, they may experience any of the following:
Be given the option to select one.
Automatically redirect the flavor onto someone else.
Receive all flavors as their flavor.








Spoiler: Rules: Game C



As with the previous rules sections, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game C's thread specifically.

The capacity of players for this thread is at a minimum, one more than those in Game A. It works best, however, with 11 or more players.
If you are lynched in this game, you are considered to have lost. Winners get to eat cake, and the dead do not eat...or do they?
The game follows a traditional layout of Day Discussion and Night Actions. Cycles will last approximately 48 hours each (Night=48hrs, Day=48hrs), but will be updated at the start of each cycle to clarify as needed.
The rules for this game are subject to update. At the start of each day or night, any updates will be shared in that start post.






Spoiler: Links to Games A, B, & C



Game A
Game B
Game C





Spoiler: Important Mod Posts



PreGame: Flavor Announcements
Day 1 Start
Day 1 End
Night 1 Start
Day 2 Start



Game C:


Spoiler: Living Players



@Gikkle
@10000 Jelly Doughnuts
@Azmimel
@Grones
@Skrimiche
@Red_Pandas
@DAREALMoneyMan
@Mitochondria
@TheHorla
@HunterC98
@CjBeats
@Vizier





Spoiler: Dead Players



@MrEevee7 (Night 1)





Spoiler: Backups



@Venusaur
@Illwei





Spoiler: Spectators



Thaum is the only person allowed to spectate.





Spoiler: Previous Games



Game I
Game II - Minecraft Edition
Game III - Minecraft Mobs
Game IV - Blitz Mafia
Game V - Food Mafia
Game VI - Music Mafia
Game VII - Super Smash Bros
Game VIII - Pokemon
Game IX - Terraria Edition
Game X - Mega Walls
Game XI - Video Game Music Mafia
Game XII - Yu-Gi-Oh
Game XIII - Time Travel Mafia
Game XIV - Night of the Living Goo’s
Game XV - The Library
Game XVI - Kits and Classes U-Pick
Game XVII - Star Wars
Game XVIII - Greater Idea Mafia
Game XIX - Comic Book Edition
Game XX - Chaos Rising
Game XXI - Final Fantasy: ExDeath’s Summon
Game XXII - Hypixel Mafia Players Mafia
Game XXIII - Night of the Living Goos: Part 2
Game XXIV - Pokemon Edition
Game XXVI - Murder in the Northlands
Game XXVII - Video Games
Game XXVIII - Desolate
Game XXIX - Amusement Park Mafia
Game XXX - Restaurant Mafia
Game XXXI - Night of the Living Goo’s Part 3
Game XXXII - Mark’s Hydra Hell
Game XXXIII - Alliance Mafia
Game XXXIV - Ancient Rome Mafia
Game XXXV - Space Mafia
Game XXXVI - Summer Vacation
Game XXXVII - Dawn of War (DnD)
Game XXV - Hypixel Mafia Players Mafia 2
Game XXXVIII - Applying to College
Mini-Mafia 3: Logical Fallacies Edition
Game XXXIX - Evolution Mafia
Game XL - Don’t Starve Mafia
Game XLI - Historical Figures U-Pick
Game XLII - The Suffering Game
Game XLIII - Minecraft Mafia
Mini-mafia 4: King Edition
Mini-mafia 5: Chess Edition
Mini-mafia 6: Meme Mafia 1
Game XLIV - Finale
Game XLV - Year Long Mafia
Mini-mafia 7: Ryast’s Mini
Mini-mafia 8: Jojo’s Bizarre Mafia
Mini-mafia 9: Persona 5
Mini-mafia 10: Kirby’s Mafia Adventure
Mini-mafia 11: Meme Mafia 2
Mini-mafia 12: Playing Cards
Mini-mafia 13: Profound Mafia
Game XLVI - DEFCON Mafia
Game XLVII - A Forgotten Temple
Game XLVIII - Halloween in January
Game XLIX - Mafia Hotel
Game L - A Test of Faith
Game LI - Evolution Mafia 2
Mini-mafia 14: Operating Room
Mini-mafia 15: Diffusion of Power
Mini-mafia 16: Simulation Mafia
Game LII: Conspiracy Mafia
Game LIII: The Legend of Zelda Mafia


TheHorla,2,What's Carpe Jugulum?Rorschach,3,Seize the throat.Azmine,4,HypeGrones,5,Game CDAREALMoneyMan,6,Why is Ryast in both games A and C Grones,7,Shouldn't this be Game C? Also, why is Ryast in both games A and C?Rorschach,8,Cause I'm not very good at hitting backspace a ton of times after copy/paste decides to put an extra space between every line.Rorschach,9,Rectified.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,10,Let's go!Rorschach,11,HOKIES!!!

BA DA DA DA DA DA DAAAAAAAAAAAAAA DUMMMMMMMHunterC98,12,Welp, the games are fixing to begin eh?TheHorla,13,Quick test here:

[vote]mark[/vote]DAREALMoneyMan,14,Quick, hammer mark pregame

[vote]mark[/vote]TheHorla,15,[vote]ryast89[/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,16,Pregame RVS?Skrimiche,17,eRorschach,18,




Esther surveys the room from her high backed chair, her gaunt frame unnerving. The room is littered with damp sacks, some of you climbing out of them. Some of you have been here for a while, chatting idly over tea. In the center of the room is a large cage, covered in a cloth, something rattling at it from the inside. 

"Welcome...to the game. Everyone. You have been briefed on the rules, and if not...well. They are publicly available to you." Esther says, pulling out a pen and holding it, pointing to a bulletin on the wall with the rules. "When you choose who to lynch for today, Chef says he's on vacation. So unfortunately we'll just have to drop them in there." She says, smiling thinly, pointing to the cage in the center of the room, where something growls from the inside. "Well...I shan't keep you...You must have so much to discuss..."

Day 1 starts Now. It ends at 7:45 pm, EST on August 3rd. Twilight will last until 9pm of the same day.Grones,19,Yarrr me hearties! Aweigh anchor and set sail for hammertown!Skrimiche,20,what is up gamersGikkle,21,10000 Jelly Doughnuts,22,[Vote]Skrim[/Vote]
!Gikkle,23,[VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE]Rorschach,24,@Gikkle
@10000 Jelly Doughnuts
@Azmimel
@Grones
@Skrimiche
@Red_PandasGikkle,25,Great minds think alike!Rorschach,26,@Red_Pandas
@DAREALMoneyMan
@Mitochondria
@TheHorla
@MrEevee7Rorschach,27,@HunterC98
@CjBeats
@VizierGrones,28,[vote] Skrim [/vote] make the wench walk the plank!Gikkle,29,Bandwagon moment
susVizier,30,[Vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts[/Vote]Grones,31,yar har har, ye landlubbers got no mind for naval strategy like ye ol' capt'nVizier,32,CAPTAIN!Skrimiche,33,im feeling like absolute buttcheeks so im not actually gonna play the game /sGrones,34,AYE ME HEARTYSkrimiche,35,not sure why a townie would post this even in RVS. seems like something only scum would do for townpointsVizier,36,LOOK!Grones,37,NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NOGikkle,38,Ah... I am so hungry... But food is so far away....Skrimiche,39,ehh, the game's barely started, doesnt really seem alignment-indicative to me. just a heehoo funnee attemptSkrimiche,40,just because it's RVS doesnt mean scum cant slip. i see zero reason for a town!skrim to have posted thatSkrimiche,41,like i said, it was probably just them trying to crack a joke.

+ other people have done similar things in the thread. why havent you been going after them?TheHorla,42,hey guys remember 3 votes is actually nearly halfway to hammer lolGrones,43,Alas me hearties, the lass "Skrimiche" is but a scurvy landlubber stranded at sea, lost her mind.Skrimiche,44,where? i havent seen anyone else try to deflect suspicion off of themselves with a flimsy AtE excuse. if im wrong then go quote themMrEevee7,45,[vote] mito [/vote]Gikkle,46,look at this person, talking to themselves. Insanity!

Though, I myself don't actually have any idea whats going on. Where am I?Skrimiche,47,this is just a waste of time. i shouldnt have to hunt them down for you

[VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE] stop being hypocritical with your readsGikkle,48,[VOTE]MrEevee7[/VOTE]Skrimiche,49,annnnd there's the chainsaw defense! found another scum. [VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE]MrEevee7,50,Omgus
[Vote] gikkle [/vote]TheHorla,51,Skrim you're making me giggle lolSkrimiche,52,but you voted mito?Grones,53,ye be at sea, but that be already beknownst to ye, ye conspirator. Ye and that lass Skrimiche be pirates flying the jolly rodger on open seas!

[Vote] Gikkle [/vote]Skrimiche,54,oh wait i see
disregard silly ol meMrEevee7,55,[vote] grones [/vote]TheHorla,56,What the **** is that pfpMrEevee7,57,Are you townHunterC98,58,crunchitize me capn.

Wait, hows the quote thingie work if the click quote doesnt quote?Vizier,59,Groan

Skrim is confusing me.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,60,THEY COME TO THIS PLACE WHEN THEY KNOW THEY AREN'T PURE!TheHorla,61,
Who are you guys?Rorschach,62,Hunter
ArraTheHorla,63,I repeat the question.HunterC98,64,wazuuuuuuupRorschach,65,From Chucklefish. They're in the discord.Grones,66,Ye click th'reply button, ye freshwater politicianVizier,67,Poyo!TheHorla,68,aaaahhhhhHunterC98,69,oooooooooh...well what does the quote thingie do?Skrimiche,70,no

sorry ;-;TheHorla,71,:Waves:HunterC98,72,skrim is an adorable bat, i see no problems.Grones,73,All yer quotes be stowed away below decks, ye press "insert quotes" to rouse those lazy landlubbers and bring em to yer postMitochondria,74,more like
amiright fellas???Vizier,75,Amgry Poyo.HunterC98,76,ahh, gotcha, thank you!Grones,77,[vote] mito [/vote] this mitochondria science wizardry be black magic, a terrible omen from the heavens, take him to the plank!Azmimel,78,Hi friendsMitochondria,79,oh captain my captain, if you wish for me to die, then die I shall

[vote] Mito [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,80,I would be very suspicious about the votes nearly getting a hammer this time, but I remember this game runs smaller than what we’re used to.HunterC98,81,yeah....i'll call that pun a lynchable offense...
[Vote] mito [vote]Azmimel,82,Quick hammer mito?Mitochondria,83,do it you won't10000 Jelly Doughnuts,84,For future reference, you got to have the slash at the start of the second vote.

just in case that helpsAzmimel,85,No, cause I appreciate that game C gets to say mito is hereHunterC98,86,Ahh....whoops.
[Vote] mito [/vote]

Edit: just to say i properly voted.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,87,Fair enough, but do you have any reasoning why you did that in the first place beyond random voting?HunterC98,88,nothing beyond a sinful punAzmimel,89,Scum team

Eevee
Mito
Panda
SkrimGrones,90,Throwing jests to the wolves, methinks Gikkle and Skrim be conspirators, plotting vile mutiny!

This be a landlubber's shot at pretending not to know the wench, typical freshwater lies. Gikkle may be a scurvy bastard, but he's the eye of the crow's nest for wizardry, no use pretendin to be a fool. Away with them! 

[vote] Gikkle [/vote]Grones,91,Skrim be a vile, lying lass, a stowaway here for vile mutiny!Gikkle,92,I have literally no idea what you're saying.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,93,Scum team:

Grones
Mark
Panda
YouAzmimel,94,Yeah id be okay with that10000 Jelly Doughnuts,95,That would be a stacked team.Grones,96,More lies! Yar har har! Ye be foolin us to think yer heads filled with saltwater!Azmimel,97,Exactly, I wouldn't mind. Except Mark would get lynched too earlyGikkle,98,I admit it, it was a lie. I don't have "no" idea, since I did have SOME idea. I apologize for this horrible offense, second mate. But your pirate speech is confusing, so I don't quite understand what you're trying to say...Azmimel,99,Lynch all liars!

[Vote] gikkle [/vote]Rorschach,100,Before someone asks again.

The town/village win condition is to:
1. Survive
2. Remove all threats to town.Vizier,101,Aye, this is a mutiny capn. Hand over all the bananas and gunpowder.

[Vote] Grones [/vote]HunterC98,102,i vote we test the captain for scurvy.DAREALMoneyMan,103,There is an impostor among us, and he is ourselves

[vote]chucklenuts[/vote]TheHorla,104,Oh, since we're all talking funny:

Heyday ho

pleasen no lynch mesa. Grones isa mafia, mesa thinkHunterC98,105,i wont lie...i was very tempted to change my vote over for the jarjar talk10000 Jelly Doughnuts,106,[Vote]Mark[/Vote]
Jar Jar speaking should be a policy lynch.Red_Pandas,107,


Azmimel,108,I personally am a fan or itVizier,109,Die, they must. 

[Vote]Mark[/Vote]Mitochondria,110,Why?Azmimel,111,I dont think he's randomly accused someone based on gut yet, that's a big tellGrones,112,YE WRETCHED BABOON! I'LL HAVE YE AS SHARK FEED ERE THE WIND CHANGES! 
[vote] Vizier [/vote]Grones,113,I be a lying, murdering, pillaging captain, but no mafia ever lay in me bunk with me. Me hands be clean.Mitochondria,114,Eh, maybe, but I think Pi's been fine so far. The only Pi-adjacent post that I haven't liked thus far is this one from Gikkle:

And I really can't explain why. Something about the post's tone (too serious? too dismissive? idk) just rubbed me the wrong way when I was skimming through.Grones,115,Gut? Gut?! I'll gut ye like a fish, ye scallywag.HunterC98,116,fair thinking, but is that a tell?Mitochondria,117,The Gikkle post? Obviously it's too early to really tell but I think it could be, weirdly defensive or dismissive responses to anything that could be perceived as an attack definitely isn't uncommon scum behavior.Red_Pandas,118,ikr I am so goodRed_Pandas,119,I think pi's pirate talk is funny and therefore Pi is hard town
I will not listen to any opposing argumentGrones,120,That post by that wretched mutineer Gikkle mayhaps be the fruit of his heavens-imposed speech impediment. He be playing the part of a confused, sun-dazed landlubber, away at sea, and far from his lass, for far too long. Aye, I remember when I was but a wee lad aboard the HMS Bictory, just a wee deck swabber I was, a cabin boy. Sick to the guts!Red_Pandas,121,gikkle instant scum for no pirate speakGrones,122,Me first mate rises!Red_Pandas,123,anyways, [VOTE] Rorschach [/VOTE]
I really can't shake off the feeling that they've somehow orchestrated this all
what exactly they may be planning is beyond me, but I know they're up too somethingMitochondria,124,nah, he wasn't doing the confused act for his first three posts of the gameHunterC98,125,how many times were you told to scrub the poopdeck?Red_Pandas,126,Aye, captain!Rorschach,127,Quite a few times unfortunately. On his first day he took the name a little too literally...Mitochondria,128,this is a dumb speculation read, but i think there will be scum among the people with post modifiers (and if one flips scum, the other(s) are prob town)Red_Pandas,129,TMI??
No post modifiers are in sight I think this is tmi!!Mitochondria,130,based, you got meHunterC98,131,post modifiers?Mitochondria,132,pi's pirate posting, skrim's schizophrenia posting, maybe gikkle's confused postingMitochondria,133,Post modifiers are basically just any parts of a person's role that require them to format all their posts in a certain way.HunterC98,134,ahhhh, gotcha...Gikkle,135,I think I'm more hungry than confused, to be quite honest.Grones,136,Mayhaps she be a truly disturbed lass, afflicted by rot of the brain, not a "post-modifier"Grones,137,Me life at sea as a young cabin boy was torturous! But now I be the most feared pirate and used car salesman in the seven seas!Mitochondria,138,You didn't seem very hungry in these posts


Is there any way anyone can give you food to help you out?TheHorla,139,Nosa reason, me just needed sometten to sayen in disa amusen translatorGikkle,140,I don't have a post modifier, I think. I'm actually not really sure yet. We'll have to wait and see.Mitochondria,141,okay fair

i'm so sorryGrones,142,Mito smells afoul to me, alike a gutted fish left out to rot in the Sun. Only good to throw overboard! Mito ne'er defends a soul 'cept when he be a foul mutineer! He be seekin to put the cap'n in his trouser pockets! Hardy yar yar!TheHorla,143,It's okeedayMitochondria,144,hey i can be selfless HunterC98,145,oh? Do you have early automobiles? im a big fan of the older models...Gikkle,146,Well... There is ONE way... But you might not like it... You see, it involves human flesh...Grones,147,[unvote] [/unvote] 
Yar Marky! Is this be the way to unvote, to appease the god of the seas, "vote count bot"?Grones,148,Aye we carry anything a landlubber would desire in their dark, nasty, landlubber heartMitochondria,149,How much human flesh?Grones,150,The only powerhouse on this ship will be used combustion engines! Yar har!TheHorla,151,YesaHunterC98,152,oh good..ill have to come and do some perusing for anything of interest...Grones,153,Methinks Hunter be loyal to the cap'n. He be returnin to the high seas after years of being away, surely he be wary and lurking beneath the depths, if he were a mutineer! Timid, scouting the waters! But he be in the fray, fighting with his cutlass like the best of us!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,154,I didn’t even consider Pi’s posting to be a restriction, I just thought he was like that this game.

I may be stupid, lol.

But anyway, I don’t think restrictions are AI at all, I can’t see mito’s argument tbh.Gikkle,155,Well... The exact amount remains to be seen.Gikkle,156,I thought we were just doing this for fun, to be honest.TheHorla,157,Me'm finden disa so fun dat me think me'm goen to keep it tup.Grones,158,It be no restriction! I be struck down by the heavens with this curse, but I will become more power than you could possibly imagine!






Yar har, I drifted to the wrong franchise, for a moment there lads. The sun and years at sea be taking a toll on this cap'n's mind.Grones,159,Away with ye, ShylockVizier,160,What if I need a new ship?Grones,161,Take yerself to the shipyards then, ye scurvy dog! This cap'n sells only used cars!HunterC98,162,i be a little rusty with my sword, more akin to my pistols and muskets..10000 Jelly Doughnuts,163,Did my car’s warranty expire yet?Grones,164,O not yet, no lass! But ye must be here for yer car's extended warranty! For a mere 9000 gold pieces, yer vehicle be warranted and safe to ride the streets of Port Royal for years (two years) to come! Ah! To the plank with years! Fork over yer firstborn and yer car be warranted for a decade!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,165,Sorry, my firstborn has a contractual obligation already.HunterC98,166,ooooh, is that the new payment method?Grones,167,Damn that thieving Rumplestiltskin! That scurvy dog! Freshwater kleptomaniac! Stealing me customers!Red_Pandas,168,technically my role pm never said what alignment I am so I may be scumSkrimiche,169,explain owoSkrimiche,170,sussy
[VOTE]Red_Pandas[/VOTE]Grones,171,
Scarrrrred arrrre ya?MrEevee7,172,Sadly no
I dont think any one of those is actually a post modifier tbh except maybe pi
When u claim neutral:
[vote] panda [/vote]MrEevee7,173,If you can prove you arent neutral evil you can stay alive for nowCjBeats,174,IM ALIVE.
IM KICKIN. 
I AM HERE.

I get to play with Mito uwu, how exciting. And my boy arra, who I shall defend with my life.


mfw10000 Jelly Doughnuts,175,That’s concerning10000 Jelly Doughnuts,176,Sadge, CJ forgets about me and Pi.CjBeats,177,Fear not my good jelly, I have not forgotten thee. I simply never play with the boy arra so it brings me much joy and excitement. OHO AND THE HUNT IS HERE TOO WHAT A GLORIOUS DAY. THIS GAME SHALL BE A SPLENDID GAME OF CAMARADERIE AND BETRAYAL.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,178,You mean trolling at an advanced level?CjBeats,179,I do not understand what you mean by that my good Jelly.Vizier,180,
Mh. No like.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,181,Oh. You will 

Gut, based on nothing, read: Gikkle town.Red_Pandas,182,yeah
well im obviously not neutral, because im mafia.
yeah maybeSkrimiche,183,i thought you said you didn't know your alignmentRed_Pandas,184,yeah but I got the mafia chat so im good nowSkrimiche,185,oh okay sweetSkrimiche,186,hey now wait just a diddily darn second here

did it not say your alignment in the title of your pm??Red_Pandas,187,I mean who knows, I COULD be a secret hidden neutral in the mafia chatRed_Pandas,188,why
why would it
be in the title?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,189,Pandas obvious jester?Vizier,190,Jesters win if they die by vote...Right?Red_Pandas,191,tbh I kind of think this is some sort of scum slip 
I dont know exactly how that would work but im sure thats not how the pms workRed_Pandas,192,I agree10000 Jelly Doughnuts,193,Yes. And Machine's a fan of the original jester that kills everyone else when they die.Red_Pandas,194,that sounds really exciting tbh I think you guys should vote me10000 Jelly Doughnuts,195,Nah, we'll NK you instead 

Someone's a vig, right?Skrimiche,196,@10000 Jelly Doughnuts is your alignment in the title of your pm/file?

sure it is!Azmimel,197,I don’t think we should lynch pandas today, but we should just shoot him. 10000 Jelly Doughnuts,198,It's just labeled 'Game C' and has the role contained within. 

Although I notice a lot of spelling and grammar errors within the file, so I think machine was in a rush or something. Dunno. What's it like for everyone else?Skrimiche,199,inb4 he made them all different so people couldn't cheese the gameSkrimiche,200,oh i see
i meant the name of your role pm file, not the hypixel pmAzmimel,201,are you that nervous about a joke post? don’t like that :3
That’s a good point.

Skrim/Gikkle/Mark/Pi

do any of you actually have a post modifier or are you just joking?Azmimel,202,we all made the pms so that would be NAI anyway

also don’t feel like we should be doing this to solve the game : (Red_Pandas,203,I haven't checked my file
ohh that makes much more senseMrEevee7,204,You know town isnt called mafia this game right?
Didnt machine say there are no jesters?Azmimel,205,maybe his post modifier is that he has to lie all the time? can’t see how this would be a good jester play. It’s way too obvious; I think something else has to be going on here.MrEevee7,206,You requested machine for a normal role pm tho so you dont have a file10000 Jelly Doughnuts,207,Lmao probably.
TBH, that's a pretty scummy thing to say. I've not seen town non-ironically say that.
Machine said that *anything* could be on the rolelist afaik. I could have misread the rules, but I think he said earlier that anything goes.Skrimiche,208,why would i be nervous because of you  

re: post modifier - joke

what do you suggest instead then
cause i dont have anything elseGrones,209,Aye me heartie! I be a cap'n and a used car salesman! Yarrrr!Skrimiche,210,why are we assuming people have post modifiers and using that to determine alignments/roles .-.Grones,211,Yarrr ye be a rude wench, ye be speakin to Mel10000 Jelly Doughnuts,212,Even if Pi has a post restriction, he's having too much fun and I love it. Lock town for wholesomeness.Azmimel,213,Idk, you’re the one who asked me to explain reads made during RVS. Why ask me to explain these reads and not the other one I made after it?? 
there were enough people acting like they had post modifiers that I thought it was a possibility.

remember pi’s worldeater role?Azmimel,214,heyyy do you have a post modifier or nah?Grones,215,It be a fool's errand to affix our spyglasses on th'heavens-cursed speeches. It be the gods playing a jest on ourrrrrr lives! Next scurvy rat to say a worrrrrd gets to be a man overrboarrrd!HunterC98,216,am i a joke to you?HunterC98,217,Redeemed. All is forgiven.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,218,Everytime I read your signature, I want a burger. Dang you.Grones,219,Avast me hearties! The signature be needin an update!Azmimel,220,do you like our pfp?? i picked it out please compliment me Azmimel,221,can’t dislike posts yet : (Skrimiche,222,for anyone else who was wondering if this was actually true or not:
///////
ily mel but my point still stands xoxo

duh, because i only care about things regarding me. uwu

i think the odds of another post modified worldeater are too low to give significant thought to atmAzmimel,223,love u too 
You ask why I thought post modifiers could be indicative of alignment/role and that was my first thought. my point is that if they are real we shouldn’t brush them to the side.Grones,224,th'signaturrrre be amended forrrr th'high seas!Skrimiche,225,ehh
i still dont think theyre important (or at least not something to be focusing on for today). only one person (grones) could be argued to have one. what does that tell you?Grones,226,It be tellin ye I be th'cap'n and ye best be harkening to 'im lest ye wish t'be a wench strrrranded on BarbadosCjBeats,227,uWu panda-kun open wolfing, what a glorious day! This game will be as easy as taking a baby away from their candy!

[vote]Panda[/vote]Scythe,228,ayieh10000 Jelly Doughnuts,229,Oh?
Yes, I do! I really could go for some pasta right now, not going to lie
CJ using uWu unirionically is scaryMrEevee7,230,pandas is definitely scum, but if they are a jester we should probably be careful about lynching them. 
[unvote] [/unvote]MrEevee7,231,it gets worse when you realize
a. they dont have a file
b. they said they already read their role and it didnt say their alignment.Skrimiche,232,coward! [vote]red_pandas[/vote]Grones,233,I be thinkin this speech talk be a waste of ourrrrr voyageGrones,234,Ye ruffians be speakin of a jester
10000 Jelly Doughnuts,235,
^
Specific beats general, and if someone had something in their PM saying they differed from the rules, that takes the reigns.CjBeats,236,Doth thou fellows really think the machine would throw a jester in this here game? Nay, panda-kun is quite simply a wolf who scumsclipped. Tis the only logical explanation for his actions, say I.Gikkle,237,I claim jesterGrones,238,Gikkle be a fine tarrrrget t'send overrrrboarrrd methinks10000 Jelly Doughnuts,239,why the hell are you doing weeb shakespeare speak?Grones,240,This be the second Shakespeare rrrrreference on this ship! A coincidence?Azmimel,241,It was the first thing I noticed when I read up this morning, so that's why I asked a question about it. Red pandas being jester feels a little too easy for me. Why was he being so obviously scummy?? That's why I suggested an alternate theory: a post modifier. But it's just that, a theory.


I don't know what it tells us because I don't know that much yet. I was just curious as to why some people were acting like they had one. Could be important in the future though.Azmimel,242,pandas rating one of my posts funny feels like a punch to the gut tbhGikkle,243,the alignment is in the title right
tbh I missed that completely and just thought "village #" was something to just describe me, not my alignment. My actual role pm doesn't have my alignment so I didn't know I was town until I asked for my win con an hour later lol.

So maybe pandas is telling the truth and since there is no title machine can change in the pms sent by panda he just had a role pm with no alignmentRed_Pandas,244,I may be dumb, but I'm not stupid
no I really haven't, machine told me my role in the pm
I think machine had given me a file already when I asked for a normal pm
yeah that's true
ew CJ saying uwu instant scum [VOTE] Cjbeats [/VOTE]
scum jest?
how does not having a file make it worse
and I got my alignment now im pretty sure it was just an error that I foundRed_Pandas,245,I reaaaaaally want to do funny talk somehow but I cant think of anythingHunterC98,246,hmmm....i say we give the man what he wants, what do you all say?
[vote] Gikkle [/vote]Red_Pandas,247,I find it really funny that I've managed to get myself almost consensus scum read by doing random RVS jokes

no, I am not going to stop.Azmimel,248,are you seriously going to write this off as RVS? fmlGikkle,249,consensus? By like 4 people?Gikkle,250,It's still RVS in my heartAzmimel,251,;-; I'm so confused right nowCjBeats,252,Who knows why any of us do anything in this accursed world?

let us look at thee panda-kun. An experienced member of this here mafia party. Are we to truly believe the man is a dumbfounded idiot? He is not! Panda-kun is an intellectual who scumslipped as his pms are different than our own! Tis the only logical explanation for senpai’s actions!Red_Pandas,253,yes, I will
tbh though the jokes did kinda suck
yeah pretty muchCjBeats,254,Let me enlighten thee. RVS means random voting sycle. You are welcome!Gikkle,255,Town members can't win after dying
Thus town and mafia will be equally scared of getting lynched
Anyone who acts like they are okay with being lynched is a liarCjBeats,256,Hunter me pal! What is thine experience with the game of mafia as we play now?Red_Pandas,257,Im pretty sure mine is the same as everyone else's but coolCjBeats,258,Did ye not ask the machine senpai for a role pm different then our own?


and yet, you my dear Gik claimed jester! Hmmmm suspicious!Red_Pandas,259,yeah I dont actually have a file
just checked
I had one for game A but then I moved to game C
so my alignment technically wasn't anywhere in my PM before machine added itAzmimel,260,I get what you're saying, but I also don't understand why he wouldn't have just questioned machine privately until he understood his role. Why does he benefit from announcing that he has no alignment in his role pm?? What does that do for him?? 


if it was a joke it was a terrible one. 


Oh, CJ, you are a saucy boy!Red_Pandas,261,yeah kind of?
it was just asking for my role in the pm instead of in the file
technicallyyyyy it wasn't a joke 
but I did announce it ironicallyCjBeats,262,Perhaps the machine senpai made an Oopsie woodsie? Could it be!? Is our senpai incompetent??CjBeats,263,There was once a saying back in the day of mine from whence I was born! Comedy is subjective! Terrible jokes are still jokes my dearest Azimel!Grones,264,This be a revealing day, we thrrrow Gikkle orr Skrrrim overboard! Hunterrr, Panda, and Cj arrrrre loyal to the cap'n, forrrr cerrtain!Red_Pandas,265,im afraid soCjBeats,266,And did the machine senpai give you your request in the different role pm?Grones,267,[vote] gikkle [/vote]CjBeats,268,Alas, perhaps we should lynch him instead! Oh what a great sacrifice we must make for our panda-Kun!!Grones,269,Cj ye best stop discussin rrrrrole PMs lest ye appearrr as a conspirator mutineerrrr t'me, thrrrowin the discussion overrrboardCjBeats,270,Enlighten me my dearest cap’n-kun, what is the problem with mistress Skrimiche on this day?Grones,271,[vote]cj[/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,272,I. I.

I'm intimidated. I won't lie.CjBeats,273,My curiosity shan’t be quenched, not even by my dearest cap’n-kun.Grones,274,She be talkin amiss, and I be seeing a vile connection betwixt herrr and th'GikkleRed_Pandas,275,can confirm
yeah I think machine Lynch would be a good idea
yesCjBeats,276,Oh to switch so fast in the heart of thee! What a glorious mind you possess!Azmimel,277,
hmmmm ok10000 Jelly Doughnuts,278,




Pi's reversal of his opinions is well within his normal town meta, I think. Therefore, I will say that Pi is a high TR of mine, and would rather not want him lynched.CjBeats,279,Then chalk it up to nothing more than a miscommunication! Non-alignment indicative say I!

[unvote][/unvote]
It is settled!


my dearest jelly! I am playing most seriously in my heart!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,280,This is 1000000000% cursed.Azmimel,281,I don't like how quickly you accepted that. Where did your certainty go?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,282,


HunterC98,283,uhhh....lets see..last time i played was...what? 5'ish years ago?HunterC98,284,appreciate the vote of confidence cap!Grones,285,Jelly be using jests t'avoid exposing herrrrself as a vile mutineer?Azmimel,286,this feels like the complete opposite of how she was last game, so I'm kinda ok with it,Grones,287,Arghhhhh10000 Jelly Doughnuts,288,Nah, I just wanted to make memes. That's all. I would say that I'd stop doing them, but that would be a lie, because they're funny. 

[Vote]Cj/Vote]

Something pings me about him, he feels wishywashy.

ANd yea, pi's that way too, but he's usually that way as town.Grones,289,Panda be town, no throwin o'erboard, cap'n's orderrs10000 Jelly Doughnuts,290,I disagree with him being town, but agree with not lynching. Hopefully we have a TK that can handle the jester.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,291,because I don't see scum pandas or town pandas being this way tbh.HunterC98,292,i feel too scrambled to make a fair assumption here.

cap'n seems busy being the spitting image of a proper town seafarer.

gikkle seems to be pure chaos.

cj seems awful authoritative, though that could be chalked up with trying to make up for missing some talk time.

jelly seems to be alright so far, a pinch quiet but i dunno how she plays to make a concern of that.

azmimel is either staying very quiet and stoking flames or just unavailable most often.Azmimel,293,Maybe if you explain the connection between Gikkle and Skrim I'd explain my read :3


He's either village idiot or neutral imoGrones,294,Let's brrring out the rum and play a game below decks! All ye scalleywag excuses for sailors, bellow out the scummiest, most treacherous words ye can


The cap'n'll begin

I be so disappointed I be a loyal one this voyage, I be hopin t'be a treacherous mutineer, but the gods declarrre me loyal to me post, th'CAP'NRed_Pandas,295,I feel like I probably would be dumb enough to make these jokes as bothAzmimel,296,the only reason why I could imagine anyone saying this is because they want to be lynched.Azmimel,297,trying to chat with my hydra partner :3MrEevee7,298,hes still lying about not checking the file, as he claims he doesnt have a file later on
so you knew your alignment, so why did you say you didnt?
scum != mafia, it just is evil roles. so jester would be scum as it makes town lose in the case that it is lynched
because you said you didnt read your file, but if you dont have it thats just an obvious lie that you didnt read it.HunterC98,299,aaah...yes that is a thing, my bad.Red_Pandas,300,eh
that doesn't mean I'm lying though, if I dont have a file then I didnt read it?
so it's still true
my alignment was never in the PM before I made the joke about it
after that machine added it
technically I didn't
I dont think jester is even in the game since everyones win-con is to stay alive and defeat the other faction iirc
but that means it's true??
also I did think I had a file
my memory is bad and its not something I thought was importantCjBeats,301,Twas explained away by the panda-kun! My certainty was replaced by uncertainty before being uprisen by a new kind of certainty!
Then ye are but a bab who I shall protect henceforth!


Is coming to an understanding wishy washy my dearest jelly? It is not!MrEevee7,302,no one says "i didnt read my book!!!" if they dont have a book. you were clearly trying to make an excuse for "not knowing your alignment"
ah yes, what a great reason to be town. "my memory is bad"

guys i claim scum!!!!
wait no my memory is bad im actually town!!!Grones,303,9 times out o'10, when ye landlubbers be assured and confident ye caught a scumslip rrrrelatin' t'role PMs, ye be sorrrely mistaken. This be a useless arrrrrgument made by lazy landlubberrrsRed_Pandas,304,as said previously, at the time I thought I had a file 
I never tried to make it an argument that I was was town but sure
I was literally just stating that I had mis-remembered it
also me claiming that I was mafia is the most obvious joke in history10000 Jelly Doughnuts,305,Rum? Rum?

Honestly: scum doesn't usually tend to say that they wished they rolled scum. It's a town move in my experience. Or at least I think so. Pi just keeps on being more townie somehow.
No one read the rules closely enough and it shows.
This is 100% cursed why am I in this game, I should suffer in the nexus instead why why why why whyRed_Pandas,306,im dumb be patient with meSkrimiche,307,pg 13 atm
[vote]CjBeats[/vote]HunterC98,308,okay, lemme be the first to come to the question, do we lynch off of all the nonsense in an attempt to knock out a bad guy or let time pass and use abilities to try and find stuff out?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,309,In most games, town tries to lynch everyday due to the information gained from the flip and the potential mafia member dead.

Here it may be less advisable because a lynch on someone is an automatic 'you lose' thing, so I feel like people are more hesitant this time.DAREALMoneyMan,310,I do not like that you are attempting to brush off his actions via of setup speculationGikkle,311,[VOTE]No-Lynch[/VOTE]
When's the last time we had a d1 no lynch? :3HunterC98,312,soooo keep yapping till someone slips?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,313,Based!
[Vote]No-Lynch[/Vote]
Yep, you got it. Eventually someone will vote dumb, pressures build and then scum slipping happens!CjBeats,314,Oh Gikkle-Chan, you wild man! Perhaps once I would’ve joined you on your quest to lynch not a soul, but alas, I have come to realize the benefit of lynching a person day 1. To not do so would be an inservice to the game!HunterC98,315,aye aye cap-errr...jelly.Vizier,316,You seem...Rather. 

Dead-set on lynching.CjBeats,317,And you aren’t my dearest Arra?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,318,I'm waiting for the time CJ says 'you saucy boy' unironically. 

I think I woke up in the twilight zoneSkrimiche,319,what if they just dont care about losing :3

im down
[vote]Skrimiche[/vote]

gikkle is quaking in his bootsVizier,320,Not particularly. I really wouldn't want more company.Grones,321,Arrrgh! Based! 
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Grones,322,Land ho!Grones,323,Argh! I meant @CjBeats10000 Jelly Doughnuts,324,CJ is a farming instrument?Grones,325,He'll be farmin votes 'ere the tide changes10000 Jelly Doughnuts,326,Also: weird thought: what if dead players were still in the game somehow.

Seems very weird that Machine would just ban dead chat and giving the rolelist.

Maybe there could be revivers. Idk, just seems odd to me.HunterC98,327,That could be interesting, but then the question is, what extent of knowledge would they come back with?Grones,328,The dead souls be sent away from Davy Jones locker because all 3 worlds be connected, methinks.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,329,The same bit of when they were dead, I think.
most assuredly there’s a connection.HunterC98,330,Which makes sense of the snippet of not revealing roles.HunterC98,331,guess playing it safe would be the smart thing to do..
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Grones,332,If ye were bettin yer life on it, which of these ruffians would ye wager is a mutineer?HunterC98,333,if i was to wager my doubloons against a soul, i would say one of the quieter ones...likely mito. just don't have enough to go off of to make a safe assumption.Grones,334,Aye! Mito be a treacherous cabin boy, but for other reasons.

Speakin of quiet ruffians, lurkin under the sea,
@DAREALMoneyManHunterC98,335,i wanted to ask about him but wasnt sure if i just didnt know his name he used.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,336,Explain?TheHorla,337,I don't 100% understand the pandas situation, but I learned the hard way last game that most of the time, "scumslips" related to PMs and formatting are usually just people getting confused.

Let me see if I read this right:
- pandas got his role in a PM, not a file
- the text of the PMs doesn't contain a wincon
- since you can't edit the title of a PM, machine forgot to tell pandas his alignment
- pandas noticed this, made a joke out of it
- people didn't realize that pandas wouldn't have known his alignment from his file title, since he got his role as a PM
Explaining away behaviour as a post modifier is bad logic and scummy. If we want to argue that player such and such is "obviously scummy" because of a "post modifier", we might as well hang up our towels and go home here.
Eevee is way too confident here for my liking.
Disappointed in gikkle for speaking sense here and not using this prime reaction fish opportunity.Azmimel,338,yea, but I also don't like the fact that he's trying to write it off as an RVS joke. I wouldn't lynch him either way, but I certainly don't think he's towny.
Not attempting to brush his actions off. I'm trying to figure out on earth he would inform us (apparently as a joke) that he had no alignment in his role pm. It was just a theory . I personally don't see scum or town doing that in any situation.Azmimel,339,I think they are, specifically because of this quote from the rules for game C
Grones,340,Mito be a snake charmer, a silverrrr-tongued succubus


Across the 7 seas, I've always known this landlubber to be a rotten soul from the malbolge. He be a seducer, a liar, a flatterer, a two faced duplicitous freshwater politician!

His treacherous mutiny sails on
He be a sower of deceit, he sets our ship along the wrong course, subtly like the Majesty's snake charmer he be.Grones,341,What be the cabin boy's agenda?Skrimiche,342,[VOTE]MrEevee7[/VOTE]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,343,Mmm, I disagree, but there's probably no reason to be setup speculating
Okay other than being a dnd monster, what did Mito do?
Why?HunterC98,344,i shall kick back and watch this show unfold til i have anything interesting or thoughtful to add.Azmimel,345,oh sorry i should've been more specific on which part. I think dead players will still have an impact on the game. I have no clue about revivers.TheHorla,346,Am... I the cabin boy? Or eevee?Azmimel,347,this is the second time you've voted a person pi has put under some sort of pressure with no explanation.Grones,348,Review th'rest o'me post, illiterate wenchTheHorla,349,Where did pi pressure eevee?Grones,350,Eevee, that dogMitochondria,351,I agree with Mark's take on the Panda situation. Don't fully understand what their confusion was and honestly don't care enough about this discussion line to spend the brainpower figuring it out, but odds are more likely they got confused and communicated their confusion poorly rather than them being scum that we caught right away.

I'm also mindmelding with Mark on his Eevee take (shows up, tunnels Panda, then dips; I especially didn't like the post he made asking Panda to "prove he's not neutral evil," it's a weirdly specific thing to ask for), but I'm super uncomfy with Skrim's naked vote on him and the underlying feeling that thread consensus is quickly shifting against Eevee. Quick shifts in thread consensus generally indicate that the target's town.

I'm not sure if I dislike this post because a) I'm annoyed that we're already starting our discussion about how Mito not living in the thread = scum (in which case this post is NAI and I'm just being emotional) or b) it's scummy that I get specifically called out despite the majority of the game having done nothing thus far.

Pi's read on me is bad and he should feel bad, but I like his play so far.

Pi and Mark feel town, sans the post I called out above I've been liking Hunter, Skrim's kinda weirding me out so light scumread, I guess scumread on Eevee too but I don't think Skrim/Eevee is a scum pair.Grones,352,And where be th'first time?TheHorla,353,@Azmimel are either of you ABBA fans? (Based on your signature, just wondering)10000 Jelly Doughnuts,354,ah okay yea.
I did, you threw out spicy insults and then refused to elaborate more lolGrones,355,I'll hang ye from th'highest mast with yer own innardsMitochondria,356,I'll sink ye ship before I hangAzmimel,357,oops I mixed up you and grones. But the point should still stand. She's voted people that others have put under pressure with no explanation. 
Don't know about azmine, but I sure am.Grones,358,He be seekin a pocketed sailor, and he be veering us off course, distracting us like a Siren's cry!TheHorla,359,An hour ago I impulsively scumread him for it, but:
- good chance eevee is confused as well
- scumhunting is good, considering that it'd be easy for scum to sit back and chill right now
- I agree with mito that a shifting consensus that eevee is scum is in general indicative that eevee is town (particularly considering that he's often considered an easy lynch)Grones,360,


HunterC98,361,fair, i may not have said it well, the second half of the message was supposed to be me saying i am not fully capable to make a firm guess because i don't have anything to compare it against.CjBeats,362,You are doing amazing my dearest sweet huntie-Chan.

Let us move forward on our conversation from the mister panda-kun! It shan’t get us anywhere doddling on about it! When does this here fine day end?Grones,363,@CjBeatsHunterC98,364,Day 1 ends tomorrow at....7:45 PM i believe?Mitochondria,365,If Pi or Hunter flips scum, I think it's decently likely the other flips scum as well. They've been pretty buddy-buddy all game (meta is fairly useless, but as a point of comparison from playing scum with Pi before, I remember he's not big on bussing teammates) and I'm still weirded out by Hunter shading me without committing to a Mito scumread stance and then backpedalling a bit when I responded (builds support for Pi's read without him really sticking his neck out there).

@CjBeats-kun uwu, what do you think of things so far?CjBeats,366,Such a long day, oh me oh my! Thank you dearest cap’n-Chan. I shall love you long time.Grones,367,One of these cabin boys will walk the plank, ere the day is done! E'eryone else aboard this ship be safe!Grones,368,Yer a bold oneMitochondria,369,Being controversial is fun Grones,370,LiberrrrralsCjBeats,371,I think things are just downright fascinating in this here game! A glorious tale of whodunnit taking place upon our doorstep!
I know not the reasoning on why people are scumming the Eevee-weevee, so I could use an explanation, but beyond that there confusion I do so believe the cap’n-Chan is a good lad. Huntie-wuntie-kun is newish, so I shall protect him for now. I do so believe that talking about panda-kun as we have done so much is becoming nothing more than a waste of time. That moment has passed. I would like to hear more from my dearest arra! A delightful, beautiful, man!Grones,372,Aye?Mitochondria,373,Very wholesome post but oh so very safe! Gimme something spicy, what's your hottest take about the game right now?CjBeats,374,My dearest jelly is a sneaky, sniveling, conniving devil bent on seeing this dearest world of ours burn to the ground upon which we stand!Mitochondria,375,Now we're cooking, how come?HunterC98,376,i was asked who i thought could be scummy and answered off of what i had...which still aint much...Mitochondria,377,That's fair - and to be clear, I've generally liked your posts thus far - but the point still stands. Wishywashy reads are never a good look because they're commonly used by scum to set up mislynches and erode the town's trust in other townies without the scum player needing to commit to the read or lead the lynch (both of which look bad when the target flips town).10000 Jelly Doughnuts,378,[JOKEVOTE]JELLY[JOKEVOTE]

oh god, everyone's doing weeb shakespeare and pirate speak. Get me outta here


---
I can see a wolf eevee, but I'm hesistant because he's LHF and I feel like I could be misdirected.

It's very weird cash hasn't spoken at all, but I don't think that's AI.

CJ feels... off for some reason, maybe the restriction is throwing me off, but it feels like some serious misdirection in his posts.CjBeats,379,Despite being how one may say active, she is too concerned with how people say things instead of they say! No notable contributions have come forth from her blessed heart, and I find that odd for someone of her stature and expertise!CjBeats,380,Right as I say such words she comes with the spice, oh my! Misdirection in what way my dear friend?HunterC98,381,alrighty, ill be sure to keep that in mind.Grones,382,Indra moment 


(Argh)Grones,383,Cj vs Jelly be a fool's errand, akin t'searching for the fountain o'youthCjBeats,384,Then consider me a fool, cause this one errand that I just must run! My curious heart shan’t be quenched until I do!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,385,Let me go through your posts real quick and find what sort of bothered me. It's very possible it's not your fault and I'm in shock from the PR.CjBeats,386,I shall await patiently with pounding enthusiasm for your return!MrEevee7,387,idk about anyone else but it says right in my file what my alignment is, not just the title of it. so machine shouldve still told him his alignment regardless of whether or not it was in a normal pm. i assumed this meant he was neutral as normally neutral just comes with the roll and no statement of alignment
and then he started talking about his file, which seemed scummy to me as he shouldnt have one based on his request, and he also said he didnt read his file, which would be a pointless post to make if he had read his pm where his role should have been, so id assumed it was again, a lie.Azmimel,388,First post I could find related to his interactions with Pandas.





Eevee remembered that Pandas asked for his role in a PM instead of a file, and then fixates on Pandas saying he did not open his file where his role was because that shouldn't have been a possibility for Pandas. 

I feel like it's way too easy to scum read Eevee based on just his interactions with Pandas (which are the only significant ones he's had), especially since Pandas was creating confusion, which is not a townie thing to do.

Right now it's low-hanging fruit, and I'd like to see more from Eevee before I actually consider him to be a lynch target.

@MrEevee7 whatcha feeling right now?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,389,The hard part is that I do have issues with telling jokes and such over text. The post modifier is making it really difficult to tell if you're sincere or just playing it up. I try to keep it in mind, but you do seem to be trying to pocket people.
And then you make the argument that there was a scum slip despite not knowing anything about the format of the roles, especially because I can't really find an example PM anywhere that would justify the reason. Pandas was weird, but this is a confusing game.

Although saying you've never read your PM (pandas) is scummy, so that's agreeable
With Hunter
Hunter again, and then you were enlightened, but it reads to me like you thought this was a dead end thing.
Pi.

And well, you seem to have an odd relationship with Mito too, the 'spiciest takes' feels very forced to me.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,390,Spicy take: Neither Eevee nor Pandas should be in the lynch pool today.Azmimel,391,I'm okay with a no-lynch, but I want Skrim to explain why she voted CJ and Eevee.Grones,392,


Red_Pandas,393,setup spec good, this argument is not valid
that's pretty much right
I can get thinking pi has one but me being a bit confusing definitely =/= post mod
if anything its very normal for me to be confusing10000 Jelly Doughnuts,394,You know, when it feels like everyone's trying to pocket you, no one is. But there are like three people who did click agree on a lot of my posts recently.

EDIT: removed 'let me check' idk why I put that there.Azmimel,395,yeah, I got a little overeager thinking about post modifiers. 
I thought you didn't like CJ? Where are you on that?TheHorla,396,Why are you bringing up a no lynch so early?Azmimel,397,because three people have voted for a no-lynch so farAzmimel,398,just checked vote count, it's actually fourTheHorla,399,It just feels super weird to preface that question with that statementAzmimel,400,I mean if skrim doesn't explain her votes well then I won't be ok with a no-lynch.Vizier,401,
I swear I heard someone roll in their grave with that joke. Absolutely sickening.HunterC98,402,Sorry, that was me.Grones,403,
Grones,404,@TheHorla a used car for your thoughts?CjBeats,405,Me and mito-Chan’s relationship is one of resounding love, but that does not mean I would like to pocket. Alas, I know not the heart of Mito-Chan, so I cannot say anything about him! As for the other laddies you mentioned, I simple wish to protect huntie-wuntie on this first day as he has not played in many a moon. And is it wrong to love my cap’n-Chan for telling me when day ends? I think not! But that is the only reason I said such things, so i find it a stretch if you think that’s me trying to pocket the dear lad.

And one does know the format of a role pm, or at the very least one should! After all, we all received one from the machine senpai!TheHorla,406,Null on everyone except gikkle (light town for speaking up for panda) and lean scum on skrimiche for voting eevee.HunterC98,407,to be fair, a lot of what eevee has to say is either voting or straight calling folks out, not that i agree against him but it is something to keep aware of.Skrimiche,408,
i have my reasons, and if i dont make them public then that is also for a reason. :s

i dont think he is?

gimme a bit

scary ;-;Grones,409,Eevee be a mighty sailor, no LHF 
He be no mutineer, ne'erthelessGrones,410,Who ye be wagering be the mutineer, then?DAREALMoneyMan,411,Alas I am binging Ted lasso, I will probably be done with the season by the end of the day so I’ll do things then (TM)Skrimiche,412,also i voted cj because he had stinky energy but i dont feel like pushing him rnRed_Pandas,413,relatableAzmimel,414,Other head popping in! It's cause (you're his scum buddy) : )Skrimiche,415,prove it busterTheHorla,416,Maybe skrim and azmimel?TheHorla,417,To expand on this a bit: azmimel made some really poor attacks on panda (the whole pm speculation bit was bad, thinking that he had a post modifier that made him always lie was scummy, reading him as jester was scummy, not considering that he may have been a bit confused (and that he was telling the truth that he didn't know his alignment at the beginning) was scummy.)

Skrim naked voted eevee after I attacked them is scum-indicative, and mel immediately criticizing them (and afterwards weakly pressuring skrim) feels a bit more like scum distancing than actual scumhunting.Azmimel,418,Pandas came out and said that he did not have an alignment in his role pm, and then later claimed mafia. He did not claim that he was joking until later. That was confusing to me. I saw absolutely no reasoning for town or scum to have made that move, so I assumed he was a neutral who wanted to die. I don’t think that’s scummy.

I never speculated above role pms. In fact, I was very against it. I did speculate a bit about post modifiers, and yeah, I’ll admit I fixated on it a bit too much, but I was trying to figure out why on earth he would’ve decided to share all of this information with us instead of dming machine and figuring it out, which is what I would’ve done, and post modifiers were on my mind because of the earlier discussion. Was it a poor decision to setup speculate so early on? Probably. Is it alignment indicative? Probably not.

I don’t know why you think my argument against skrim has been weak. I haven’t voted her, that’s true, but I didn’t want to vote anyone until I discussed it with my partner.

this is the only post I made about role pms.MrEevee7,419,Idk tbh but i feel like some of the ppl on my wagon are scummy
Why? That's just straight up an anti town line of thought.Skrimiche,420,anti town? like an anti hero? sickSkrimiche,421,+ no it isnt

machine if by some miracle youre reading this i hate you for the no edit ruleRed_Pandas,422,I can see that, kind ofRed_Pandas,423,its been in mafia games like foreverSkrimiche,424,

Spoiler: cj stink pg 13









Skrimiche,425,yeah but normally i can edit in my afterthoughts when i post
now i have to double post and it's annoying for people trying to catch up TheHorla,426,There's a whole bunch to unpack here:
- if someone claims mafia, it's obviously a joke
- jokes are a thing, and don't necessarily imply that someone wants to die.
- I think it's scummy to read into his behaviour this much
- Making assumptions about the veracity of panda's claim that machine forgot to state his alignment is inherently PM speculation
- Re: why panda shared the info: when I read his posts, I found it funny that machine forgot to give him his alignment; that you didn't consider (or pretended to not consider) that he shared it because mod errors are funny is scummy.
- I didn't say that the post modifier speculation was scummy because it's setup speculation (but good point there, I guess that's one more reason to scumread you!). Your comment was scummy because trying to explain player behaviour by post-speculation ("they are lying/acting off because of mod instructions") is not a townie line of reasoning.
- Your argument against skrim is so far weak because I find it unpursuasive.Rorschach,427,*unpersuasiveGrones,428,Jokes aint always jokes arghhhSkrimiche,429,FIGHT ME YOU COWARDRorschach,430,Sure.
Skrim has been modkilled.

I win.

Skrim has been reinstated into the game.MrEevee7,431,How is it notTheHorla,432,What are you saying here?Azmimel,433,





1) From my point of view, we were out of RVS/the banter stage. Pandas said he thought it would be exciting if people voted him. That implies he wants to die.
2) He didn’t clear up that it was a joke until 30-45 minutes after, and during that time he was a major topic of discussion. The majority of players on at the time believed him to be a jester. He didn’t clear it up immediately even though he was online, which I found weird.
3) You’re telling me it’s suspicious to analyze a player I found scummy at the time? 


My argument was not about PM speculation because I was questioning why he shared the information with us. I was confused because I would’ve asked machine instead of sharing it with the rest of the players in the game. Because of this, I thought it might be a ploy to make himself seem suspicious and therefore get voted.





Proof that I never once speculated about what was actually in his PM, just that I wondered why he actually did it.


Once again, I didn’t understand why Pandas was sharing the information with us. So I tried to figure out why. Two things came into my mind. Jester, which was a common answer among the online players, and a post modifier. I thought of a post modifier because of what I’d been thinking about before with you, grones, skrim, and Gikkle.


My argument against Skrim is her votes with absolutely nothing to back them up. I made that point before you did, you just dedicated an entire post to it. Do you not find your own argument persuasive enough?Skrimiche,434,im sure youve had times where you didnt want to spell things out for a greater purposeGrones,435,Nothin 
Yar har harGrones,436,[vote] cash [/vote]Gikkle,437,I'm 2% closer to ending the world
better kill me before thenTheHorla,438,Not yet, actually! It's pretty weak right now. My argument is that you're making the same (weak) argument as I am, but to distance yourself from her.
*shrugs* Regardless of how you define the end of RVS, I did not take their posts seriously. I think you are taking some posts that were not meant to be taken seriously far too seriously, and tied yourself up in knots trying to explain them via post modifiers.
I think the majority of players that were on at the time were wrong about that. 
Yes, depending on what you're analyzing? See the comment above about taking things seriously.
Just trying to understand something here. Did you think he was telling the truth that machine forgot to give his alignment, or not?
I understand that! The facts here are clear. But I think your conclusion was wrong, and I find it suspicious that you came to the conclusion that it was a post modifier.MrEevee7,439,sure, but seeing as it is impossible to have mech info atm, i dont see how it could be that.
and not explaining reads, unless youre just being lazy, doesnt help town at all and makes you look like you dont have any actual reasons for them10000 Jelly Doughnuts,440,Except speculating on pms is useless especially for Req because he does make changes and edits to the template all the time.

Heck, he didn't even put a period in my pm, is that scum indicative?

Also Skrim, give your reasons, let's not play this gameSkrimiche,441,booooo

touché

Cj - I quoted the posts that pinged me earlier while I was reading up. I didn't feel like pushing him (I confess to being lazy!), and I switched off to Eevee soon after because that's a vote I have reasons for doing aside from gut.

Eevee - First, I thought Pandas scumslipped about his alignment not being in his pm. This was because i asked Machine earlier if the "village" in the title of my google doc was my alignment (because it wasnt in the contents of the doc), and he confirmed it. But then I thought about it some more, and realized it was more likely that it was just a goof & not an actual scumslip. Eevee pointing out the contradiction with Panda's PM (being on the hypixel forums and not a google doc) seemed townie to me, but his subsequent hounding of Panda afterwards didn't. You can argue that the attempt at gamesolving is townie, but to me, it looked more like scum going after low-hanging fruit.

anyways im dipping to pet some cats and my dog grandson, ciao o/Skrimiche,442,also the reason why i didnt elaborate on the eevee vote was because i wanted to see how he'd react to it & whether or not he'd continue to push pandasAzmimel,443,Are you trying to trick me into actual pm speculating? Either way, it doesn't change my argument. I found him suspicious because he volunteered the information, not because he claimed machine forgot to give him his alignment.

Oh, so you're not as confident as you seem. 
you're right, it probably wasn't meant to be taken seriously. However, that's how I took it at the time, and since I want to defend myself I am attempting to explain my thought process. 
My conclusion wasn’t that he had a post modifier, my conclusion was that something else was going on here. Post modifier was just an example of something else that could’ve been going on. 
HunterC98,444,where was this mindset back when i horsed around with bold talk and ended up getting myself lynched on just talking around?Grones,445,We be halfway to nightfall, best we line up some choice ruffians to walk the plank! 

I wanna see 
Mito
SkrimGrones,446,Gikkle 


Send them all to the plank!Vizier,447,What flavor stinky? Skunk, onion, rotten food?CjBeats,448,
What happened to me oh cap’n my cap’n? doth thou not know your own heart? What a spicy lad you are oh cap’n-Chan to change up so quickly! 

Mistress Skrimiche-kun, I saw thine post about my stinkiness, but alas I do not understand what pinged you about those? Will you enlighten my darling heart?

And to my dearest jelly, I have seen your point! Oh what a wonderful mind you possess!CjBeats,449,MY LOVELY ARRA OH TO SEE THINE FACE FILLS MY HEART WITH SUCH JOY!!

Tell me, my dearest Arra, doth thou have any thoughts?Scythe,450,"Shall I compare thee to a summer day?"
"You're both hot."Vizier,451,
Nothing really rattles around in this dead head of mine, but I figure I can dig something up to support an idea I have.CjBeats,452,Oh superb! I shall await your return with bated breath!Vizier,453,There's. Not a cupid/lovers role in this setup. Right?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,454,Days I wish I had a vig shotVizier,455,



Edit: Posted meme twice.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,456,You are exceptionally wishy-washy.

[Vote]CJ[/Vote]CjBeats,457,You no longer need one, for this comment is already a knife to the heart! Oh what a cruel, black, wicked, twisted, nasty heart you must possess to say such rudeness to one such as me!CjBeats,458,A man merely knows when to change his mind when faced with arguments that make sense! My mind is not fixed, it is open to one’s voices!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,459,Mmmmmhmmm
You're really wishy washy, not changing your mind with good arguments. It's more that anytime anyone puts any push back on your opinions, you drop back. You've done it like 4 times.Vizier,460,

TheHorla,461,I explicitly stated earlier that my scumread of skrim was pretty weak, so my "confidence" is really just a strawman.
No, you're getting paranoid. You assumed that pandas posting "I don't have an alignment" makes him scummy or a jester - what logically follows is that you assumed he was lying about not having an alignment. If you thought he was telling the truth, his statement is obviously NAI, since he made it before he had an alignment!TheHorla,462,There is literally figuratively nothing to use to form a mito read right now.TheHorla,463,Final thought: Grones is funny as heck, but most of his posts substantively add up to "I want to lynch mito and skrim" or "Thoughts?"Grones,464,A used car for your thots?Grones,465,Lies and deception, mutiny! He be a conspirator, I quoted the ruffian.Mitochondria,466,Pi, do you have an argument against me which doesn’t boil down to “oh he TRs me which means he’s scum trying to pocket me”? I’d hope yes if I’m one of your top lynch targets today Red_Pandas,467,I ran out of reactions, expect no communication from me for exactly 24 hoursMitochondria,468,Maybe this post? Idk, I guess I’m biased but I genuinely fail to see how any of this is scummy. First quote was RVS, second was genuine curiosity and trying to spark discussion, third was my read at the time and an attempt to get some non-RVS discussion going. Fourth is setup spec and thus bad, but ehRed_Pandas,469,the rule hasn't changed at all
probably..
we don't know for sureRed_Pandas,470,yeah tbh no ai in thereGrones,471,Yarrr! I be quoting yer crimes! Ye set us off-course with yer insinuation that post mods be alignment indicative/one o'them be scum! Subtle, but powerful derailing! Typical mutineering!MrEevee7,472,Why mito?
This does seem like a bit of an overreaction thoughRed_Pandas,473,trying to find out why you're scum read is not overreactingGrones,474,Arghh! I be explainin meself o'er and o'er!Grones,475,Jelly be sailing under our radar, methinks.Grones,476,[vote] Gikkle [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,477,
"Slipping under radar"
votes gikkle.

also smh at not reading any of my arguments with CJRed_Pandas,478,I really don't get the thread title tbhGrones,479,With respect, ye olde cap'n closes his eyes and scrolls past e'ery word Cj posts10000 Jelly Doughnuts,480,Oh okay, understandable why you missed it and scum read me. Have a nice day.Grones,481,SR ye? Ne'er said that! Don't ye be puttin words in me mouth like some kind o' freshwater tv show hostMrEevee7,482,No, it's not. But he could have awaited groness response instead of writing an essay. I just found it a bit odd is all.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,483,But you do so...Grones,484,Should I? 


Arghhh!Grones,485,But that were me reasoning! He be askin for me reasoning, and found it! This be a weird position to take, Eevee. I'll have ye swabbing decks for a week for this!Skrimiche,486,good news: the cats like me
bad news: im allergic to catsSkrimiche,487,onions are divine you take that back

sure, gimme a min

ahaha yeah ive never done that as town myself ahahaha
ahaha
aha10000 Jelly Doughnuts,488,Yes. Go on!MrEevee7,489,Well since he clearly wasn't satisfied with the reasoning id expect him to not say anything about it then attack you if thats all you said it was in case there were more reasoningGrones,490,So ye admit to being a scalleywag?!Grones,491,Why would he say nothing? Is he a mute? A dumb landlubber? No, he be a tricksy siren, speech be his gift.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,492,Yes

(I shouldn't have to do the joke here but I will)MrEevee7,493,So that he makes sure he doesn't attack you needlessly..? It's what i would do at leastGrones,494,Why would he be wary o'attacking me "needlessly"? He be scared o' me?Grones,495,This be no laughing matter!Skrimiche,496,On second thought, I agree with Cj on this? Whoops. Not sure why I thought it felt wrong. Might've been the "subjective" bit triggering a primal response in me.

The only thing he questioned from that list (Azmimel scumreading me/Gikkle + townreading Hunter/Panda/Cj) was the scumread on me, which is strange. I'm not sure why he would pick to exclusively focus on me there.

(Context: Grones offers me & Gikkle as lynch candidates, then votes Gikkle, then 2 posts after voting Gikkle tells Cj to stop discussing role PMs because it's derailing the thread*, then 2 posts after that votes Cj.
*@Grones did I get that right? Just wanna make sure I'm understanding the pirate lingo. :3)

I was going to say: "Cj shouldn't be calling out others for being wishy-washy when he's been doing it himself", but when I looked back at the actual posts I had in mind from him, I actually think the progression might be natural? He basically went through the same "Panda scumslipped" --> "Panda/Machine just goofed up" thought process as me, although he stayed at Stage #1 of that longer than I did.


Spoiler: Cj posts












@Gikkle what do you make of this^? My confidence is shattered and my night is ruined. :<Skrimiche,497,@ the cj debacle: im gonna sleep on it
and by sleep on it i mean im gonna forget about it until i remember that im playing in this game tomorrow and check the thread
o/Grones,498,Man, I have no idea, I, myself, lose half the meaning while typing up these posts

ARrghh I mean, ye be right on the trrrrreasure lass!HunterC98,499,isee that we have made a lovely circle of conversation....right where we started 'n such...10000 Jelly Doughnuts,500,You missed how he said I was scummy and then I gave a single response and he decided that was okay.

Hmmm. I don’t have an opinion on mark right now and that concerns me.Red_Pandas,501,very relatableTheHorla,502,I don't actually believe this, fyiTheHorla,503,Day 1 Votecount:
(2) nolynch: Gikkle, HunterC98
(2) cjbeats: 10000 Jelly Doughnuts, Red_Pandas
(2) gikkle: Azmimel, Grones
(1) mreevee7: Skrimiche
(1) chucklenuts: DAREALMoneyMan
(1) mitochondria: Mitochondria
(1) thehorla: Vizier
(3) Not voting: TheHorla, MrEevee7, CjBeats

You can view this votecount and all previous votecounts in the #votecounts channel in Discord.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,504,You can not believe it. I am saying this because as of this moment, it's true.

I'll go through your posts and see what I think after that.MrEevee7,505,[vote] gikkle [/vote]
@GikkleGrones,506,Argh! Well I don't be believing yer disbelief!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,507,

Spoiler: Mark's posts






PREGAME ^
---






























I think these are all of mark's post, did it by hand though so possible I missed one. Going to do a little step by step and assign arbitrary points to each post. These points add up to a fake final score that is entirely real and will determine my read.

Which will come in the next post so I can actually click on the quotes and read them as I'm drafting my response.
---

EDIT: hopefully fixed spoilers
EDIT 2: hopefully fixed spoilers?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,508,The first quarter of the day was rather weak until Mark enters in with his Pandas post, providing evidence to a joke gone awry. Nothing about the post is outstanding towny or scummy wise, although at the time it may have looked as a controversial opinion because of how everyone seemed to be whipped up into a frenzy about Pandas 'scum slip'
+1 Town Points

Asks about Pi pressuring eevee, which is incredibly NAI.

Goes back on his eevee read and admits it's impulsive, agreeing with mito. This I think marks the real end of the Eevee Pandas debate, although people would later also enforce their opinions on it.+1 Town points for admitting fault.

Dislikes a no-lynch, especially honing in on Azimel when at the time there were 4 people actually on the no-lynch train, asking none of them! I'm hesitant to call it tunneling, because it's not quite as aggressive as that, but in a couple posts down still thinks scum team could consist of Azimel, focusing on several things like Azimel considering Pandas to be jester. However, in the thread there were a fair amount of people considering jester as an option, why did Mark latch onto Azimel's posts about that and call it scummy? I feel as if there is some minor tunneling or busing here. +1 Scum points.

(Although looking at skrim's posts, they are rather weak in general, not providing reasoning until after someone calls her out on it bugs me as disinterested at the least and scummy at the most. Either way, NOT GOOD)

Mark continues to attack Azimel for things that other people did as well. +1 scum points. (Half the game was PM/setup speculating. Off the top of my head, Skrim and I did.)

Azimel sets up strawman; the argument continues. I'm now more leaning towards T/S or even T/T. I doubt S/S would use such terrible pushes to bus, and both Azimel and Mark would be fairly coordinated and careful on a bus if this were the case.

Final post is IIoA, heistant to assign scum or town intent to it, but I would argue that seems fairly out of character for him.

Final Score: 2 town points, 2 scum. An Azimel flip would be extremely helpful for resolving Mark; I think. If Az flips scum, Mark's a god-tier townie, because I don't see bussing in this scenario. If Az flips town, I'd hit mark with an investigative or a lynch.

Anyway, my thoughts on Mark. Minor ones on other people that have slipped under my radar.

---
Vizier (Arra): The vibes he gives off seem like someone rusty at mafia, not new. He has played in a couple minis here, but not ones that would justify his knowledge and apparent paranoia about lovers/cupid. I am extremely hesitant to say 'coaching' because that A: make me look like a jerk, and B: has bitten me on the butt of course. It's possible he researched and gained knowledge, and I think that my initial paranoia of 'COACHING?!!?!1!' is unfounded. Slight TR.

Hunter: TR. I have no idea how much Hunter has played before, but I'll assume he's new. He seems townie overwhelmed with learning the game. I think scum would provide more guidance in scum chat if he had rolled wolf. Of course, if Hunter does flip wolf, I think we can assume that wolves are inactive. 

Pi: Pi's town. I just feel it. Gut reasoning is of course bad, but he's acting like he does as town. 

Eevee: I think Eevee is a slight town lean for me, his confusion earlier with Pandas feels genuine. Also I don't think scum eevee naked votes like town does.HunterC98,509,If its anything worth mentioning, I was also aware of a Lovers style of role by Youtube....so that is a full possibilities.Gikkle,510,I'm not sure why you're tagging me specifically when I haven't really interacted with Cj but whatever

Also not sure if you are asking what I think of what you're saying about him or Cj in general

Your analysis is weird
One of your posts is like, why not just ask him why he picked the SR on you out of the others to question. Why make this statement without first asking Cj? Unless you did and I missed it...

I'm not too sure what the point of this analysis is if your conclusion is just "he might be town". Did you have some kind of big SR on him or something and this was supposed to be what made you turn around on that? I don't quite understand why you'd do an analysis on someone and just come up with "his progression MIGHT be natural", unless you strongly SRed them, but I don't see a reason why you would this early. 

Is this supposed to be some kind of test? I genuinely don't understand why you would make this post and not come up with a better conclusion than this.

My opinion on Cj? Idk, I haven't bothered trying to read him. Only people I've formed reads on are Mark(TR), Mito(LTR), Pandas(TR), and Eevee(LSR). Maybe someone else I've forgotten about, idk.Gikkle,511,How come you can't delete post drafts anymore :/Skrimiche,512,i did? p sure i only did it for like 2 posts before realizing it was a dead end

what other info would an azmimel flip give?

because i love you

i
...
hey @CjBeats why did you pick out the SR on me out of the others to question

i thought i had a (lightish?) scumread on him but then i lost confidence in it when i went to look at the posts that pinged me

gosh gikkle dont make me spell it out
it's 'cause im baaad ( ༎ຶ ۝ ༎ຶ )Red_Pandas,513,feeling good, might make 1 singular readGikkle,514,w.shoot Skrimiche
Mmm
Alright
What's your current read on Cj now then? Null? Light TR?
Sorry Red_Pandas,515,what do this meanGikkle,516,Information instead of analysisRed_Pandas,517,well I managed to read an entire ISO without forming any opinions at all
10000 Jelly Doughnuts,518,Information on Pandas. If Azimel flips scum, I'd say its safe to assume Pandas isn't scum.
That happens sometimes :/Skrimiche,519,if 1 is town and 10 is scum, then he's at about a 6Grones,520,Who ye ruffians be lynching?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,521,I'd be fine with a CJ or Azimel lynch for reasons stated somewhere in the thread.

Or you for the memes.HunterC98,522,about 6 hours till the notalynch happens, if someone is intent on going in the gallows, time is a running out..Gikkle,523,I think I'm top wagon rn
idek whyTheHorla,524,Why does gikkle have votes lolHunterC98,525,Oh? Welp, guess the gallows will be claiming a soul.....less folks wise up.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,526,Agreed, looks like some of them are for no reason lolRed_Pandas,527,[unvote][/unvote]TheHorla,528,Really don't understand the case against gikkle (literally none of his posts have registered with me.) Reading back, but until then [vote]No lynch[/vote]HunterC98,529,all i have on Gikkle so far is some very brazen remarks that honestly read as trying to bluff about an assigned role, and as much as i actually wanna vote for him..it just doesnt seem worth lynching in my eyes..Skrimiche,530,not me? ;O

also what
people are voting gikkle?HunterC98,531,A handful are, but right now looks like No lynch is winning.Grones,532,Yarrr! no lynching be a funny!

[vote] no lynch [/vote]TheHorla,533,You going to explain why you were originally on the gikkle wagon and are now switching off?TheHorla,534,Day 1 Votecount:
(4) nolynch: Gikkle, Grones, TheHorla, HunterC98
(1) cjbeats: 10000 Jelly Doughnuts
(2) gikkle: Azmimel, MrEevee7
(1) mreevee7: Skrimiche
(1) chucklenuts: DAREALMoneyMan
(1) mitochondria: Mitochondria
(1) thehorla: Vizier
(2) Not voting: Red_Pandas, CjBeats
The next votecount will be processed in 0.5 hours. You can view this votecount and all previous votecounts in the #votecounts channel in Discord.Grones,535,Methinks he be conspirators along the vile Skrimiche. Their RVS be more rotton than a landlubber's body left at sea.Grones,536,I be opposed to sendin ol' sailor Azimel down ye plankGrones,537,Both o' these 'ere sailors be experienced voyagers. They be from Port Chucklefish. 

Methinks yer Arra read be mighty suspiciousitious, on me grandmother's warts! Ye say ye be disregardin yer paranoia and yer seasickness, an' then ye reckon 'im a loyal sailor. If ye aint factorin in no coaching, none o'that, then what have ye to base yer read o'him? Ye mention but nothin else!TheHorla,538,Expand on this please?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,539,Why?
Yea but if someone starts playing mafia again after a break, it takes them a bit to get in the groove of things.
Also arra’s posted like 15 times, most of them being memes, calm a bit down in asking for a surefire read. I saw one post that was weird and then discounted it when I was being unreasonable.MrEevee7,540,[unvote] [/unvote]MrEevee7,541,Why are we no lynching..?Grones,542,Then why ye be readin 'im as a loyal sailor, instead o' null?Grones,543,erybody be voting Skrimiche off the plank early, an' Gikkle be mighty strange when he be doing it.


These posts be soundin' the bells o' enemy fire, methinks.

Voyagin on, he be letting out mysterious words

An' with no explanation o'er th'horizon

He be a dangerous pirate, methinksAzmimel,544,Reading up right now. One of us should be on for EoD.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,545,I said slight town read. Like so slight it nearly doesn’t matter.Grones,546,Hmmmmmm
Arrrrrrr ye suuurrrre 'bout that? Ye clearrrrly considered it important enough t'include in yer listAzmimel,547,[unvote][/unvote]

I didn't vote at all yesterday, so I'm almost certain that the Gikkle vote is from RVS.



I logged on a couple of minutes after he posted claiming mafia. I think the above is my first post of the day.I guessed this was a ploy by him to get voted, and that sharing the information about his PM was another way to make himself suspicious. It didn't matter to my argument that was he said was the truth or not, what mattered is that he decided to share it with us.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,548,I literally said above it: people who have been slipping under my radar. Smh illiterate pirate.Grones,549,Hmrrrrrr
Arghhhh
I be keepin me good eye on ye, tricksy sea dogRorschach,550,Guys remember to submit your flavors for game B, EOD is coming up and so is the deadline for that. Please submit it in your game B folder excel if possible, that automates things and makes the turnaround a lot quicker.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,551,Oh. Yea I should do that.DAREALMoneyMan,552,Just read and up and things. Not going to bother to give reads on people I didn't pay attention to. Even though I have done it in the past, I am disappointed people aren't following up on stuff they think is scummy just because jester is possible in this game. You guys are better than me!

Azmimel thingy



Spoiler: Full ISO




























































Spoiler: Notable Posts




Reported for bad takes. You are trying to rationalize his scummy behavior via "oh maybe post modifier!" 
I'd like to mention that I didn't find what Panda said about his pm not including his faction was scummy! If it was true, I feel like the other scum mates would notice, given the team follows the typical 1:4 ratio, they were missing someone. Back on topic, if you say he was being so scummy (even if obvious), why are you attempting to find an excuse for him (oh, he is probably Jester, or has a post modifier). Just because it is possible in the game does not mean you value it over dayplay. ALSO, a post modifier making you act scummy is stupid and I don't see Machine adding it. You could then chalk off all scummy behaviors to the modifier.
Because it was a joke? He was making light of the situtation?
Take note for later (referring to Panda).
It is always RVS for Panda (but I agree we shouldn't pass things off just because they say "oH it was RVS!"). You say here that you don't think he is towny, and referring to above post you said he was either village idiot or neutral. Thus, you think he is neutral in your own words. If you really thought he was neutral, why aren't you trying to see what type of neutral he is or voting him!
Town points here.

I have done this along with many other people in many other games. It is an obvious joke I:
NAI!! I don't think admitting that you made a boo boo is alignment indicative.
Refer to the post above x2
Well I don't think he really needed to say it was a joke considering it was obvious.
Too lazy to see what you are responding to here :/
Already said why this is stupid!



[vote]Azmimel[/vote]

I am also suspicious of Cj and Panda but I have other things to do. Like Bike. And Eat. And SleepDAREALMoneyMan,553,Also Mark you should give me the ISO bot!TheHorla,554,I am too tired to keep arguing here but this is another strawman. I am saying that if panda did not know his alignment, then him posting "I don't have an alignment" is obviously NAI. If you think he is lying for some reason, that is a different argument (and closer to the one you made.) When reading pandas, it matters what you thought his PM read; that is why I said you were speculating about his PM.Rorschach,555,Ryast has the ISO bot, not Mark.TheHorla,556,Ryast posted a link in #announcementsSkrimiche,557,why me owo
your post elaborating on this only had gikkle quotes

do you think azmimel & pandas are on the same scumteam or different scum alignmentsGrones,558,Gikkle be voting ye, then he be opposed t'me voting ye. It be worrying, like an ill tide.MrEevee7,559,Is there a reason were no lynching..?HunterC98,560,cause most everyone who was willing to lynch has either no voted or unvoted.Grones,561,Nightfall be in 10 minutesGrones,562,Arrrr! I be wrrrrrong! 50 minutes!Red_Pandas,563,[vote] no-lynch [/vote]
why notGrones,564,[vote] panda [/vote] 
I be a wacky pirateSkrimiche,565,bruh you made me panicHunterC98,566,I made myself panic..i thought i missed it.Skrimiche,567,[vote]no-lynch[/vote]Mitochondria,568,Refuse to vote for a D1 no lynch on principle so uh

[vote] Skrim [/vote]Mitochondria,569,Actually nah, I think Skrim's fine

[vote] Gikkle [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,570,Why Gikkle?Gikkle,571,i'm a good boi
I just like human flesh, nothing wrong with thatMitochondria,572,Bad gut feel, didn't do much of anything today, no other targets I feel strongly about right now.Mitochondria,573,Actually that's a lie, my pet theory is that Pi's scum but y'all ain't ready for that discussion yetDAREALMoneyMan,574,SameDAREALMoneyMan,575,Wait- why are we no lynching? Meh.Grones,576,I'lla turn'a you into'a pasta lasagna mama miaHunterC98,577,captain....who is this italian dude?TheHorla,578,Oh I'm ready for that discussion!


Re: today's lynch, fine with no lynch since the gikkle wagon is really weak and I'm not confident in anyone else (even azmimel) to eliminate.Rorschach,579,Esther is wheeled into the large room by a rather tall butler fellow, his tailcoats hovering so as not to touch the floor, and he carefully unfolds a little table and places it in the center of the room.

"You really chose not to lynch anyone?" Esther says distastefully, her eyes narrowing, eyelids you never knew were there stretching to do so. "You are all fools. You have one minute to kill someone. Or else." She says, as the butler places a large shotgun on the table. 

The first player to reply to this post with [SHOOT] @Player [/SHOOT] will take the gun and kill the player they tag.Grones,580,Who arrrrrre ye an' what ye done to th'real MarkTheHorla,581,Ever since gikkle and I got stats on our D1 lynch record, I've come around pretty hard in favour of D1 no-lynching when we have zero clue what to do. We used to NL all the time (and had a decent track record back then) - we should revive the practice!Grones,582,ARGHHH NOBODY TAKE TH'GUNGrones,583,IF ANY O' YE USE TH'GUN I BE HUNTIN' FOR YE TILL THE END O' ME DAYSRorschach,584,"Well? I'm waiting. If you do not do it, I will kill three of you where you stand." Esther says tersely.Gikkle,585,[SHOOT]@Rorschach[/SHOOT]TheHorla,586,Yeah, anyone who uses this gun without discussion gets lynched today.Grones,587,AAAAAAAAAADAREALMoneyMan,588,Can we kill Azmel Grones,589,AAAAAAAAAARRRDAREALMoneyMan,590,WE NEED TO CHOOSE SOMEONE OR 3 MORE DIE - I DON'T WANT TO DIEETheHorla,591,Everyone, relax. 

If machine wants us to lynch someone, then we'll do it. Do not shoot.Gikkle,592,kinda wanna shoot skrim... Not for any good reason, I've just always wanted to do it in a proper mafia game instead of a wolfia game...DAREALMoneyMan,593,but what if I shot scum :>Rorschach,594,There is no Rorschach in the game.Grones,595,How about I shoot ye, ye scalleywagGikkle,596,what happens if I shoot myselfDAREALMoneyMan,597,guys there is 1 minute until eod so we dont have time to change the wagon from no lynchGrones,598,RIP 3 people arrrrrghDAREALMoneyMan,599,I rather that then 3 random people dyingGikkle,600,[SHOOT]@Gikkle[/SHOOT]

LETS GOOORorschach,601,You lose the game if you shoot yourself.

EOD was 15 minute ago. Welcome to twilight.Grones,602,NOOOOOOOO ARGHHHGikkle,603,Great!Rorschach,604,Action not submitted properly.Grones,605,[shoot]@Mitochondria[/shoot]
GIKKLE WHY ARGHHHDAREALMoneyMan,606,WHY10000 Jelly Doughnuts,607,oh shoot, no pun intended.Gikkle,608,[SHOOT] @Gikkle [/SHOOT]DAREALMoneyMan,609,watch as mito is scum though lmaoGrones,610,I BE SO CONFUSED HELP MEEEEEGrones,611,NO 
ARGHHH STOP WHYYYYGikkle,612,You didn't do it correctly either, you fool!

SEE Y'ALL IN THE AFTERLIFE

IT'S BETTER THAN SLOWLY WALKING FOR ETERNITY TOWARDS MY ROOMDAREALMoneyMan,613,why has my post count in twilight been triple than that of dayGrones,614,[SHOOT] @Mitochondria [/SHOOT]

Arghhh! TAKE MINE NOT GIKKLE I BE THE CAP'NTheHorla,615,...Grones,616,MITO BE SCUM YARR HARR HARRGrones,617,Arghhh I be blamin' Gikkle 
He be an agent o' chaos, a bombardier10000 Jelly Doughnuts,618,What the heck was that?1Grones,619,GIKKLE BE TOWN IF HE BE SHOOTIN' 'IMSELF 

I BE SAVIN A LOYAL SAILOR ABOARD THIS VESSEL10000 Jelly Doughnuts,620,I meant with mito, but honestly thanks for the explanation for town gikkle too?TheHorla,621,gikkle is town right lol

like

there's no wayRorschach,622,
Gikkle and Grones rush for the gun, however, Grones is just a bit faster, pulling the gun out and aiming it at @Mitochondria.

The gun explodes in his face, and @Grones topples to the ground.






"That's better." Esther says. "Perhaps this will teach the rest of you to be more decisive." She says, gesturing as the butler wheels her out of the room, picking up the gun from the corpse of Grones as they pass.

Day 1 has ended.Gikkle,623,I have a thick shell skull, I can take it!Grones,624,If Gikkle be shootin' 'imself, he be violatin' the CODE! He be breakin 'is wincon, so the 'eavens be strikin 'im down in MODKILL

but he be shootin' 'imself

a negative times a negative be a positive YARRRRR 

HE LIVES!
@Rorschach LET 'IM LIVEGikkle,625,c'mon man!TheHorla,626,jfcGrones,627,????
GIKKLE BE FIRST YARRRRAzmimel,628,EXCUSE ME 

wtfGrones,629,@Rorschach Gikkle actually shot and formatted correctly before me, though.Gikkle,630,I am canonically the slowest person in this game. I will probably not make it to my room until September/October.DAREALMoneyMan,631,no role flip?Gikkle,632,^ this

I shot myself fair and square! Let it happen!Grones,633,day is over no more discussion!!!!Rorschach,634,Night has started. No further game discussion is allowed. I did not make any errors.Rorschach,635,Forgot to add the song to the Start of Night Post.
Updated.Grones,636,@Rorschach title btwRorschach,637,As you all begin to enter the main dining area for breakfast, you recognize an old, surprisingly not dead face. @Grones was fortunate, and the gunshot blast was not fatal. On the other hand... @MrEevee7 will not be joining you. Not only are both of his left legs missing, but he is in fact, dead. The poor centaur.

The stench of death is strong. There's a raven sitting on the tables. Dead. A nametag on it indicates that its name was "Clive."
A note from Esther sits with it. "Don't disappoint me today. Or I will make sure you are disappointed in yourselves."



Spoiler: MrEevee7 Flip



Virgil the Centaur, the Village Lie Detecting Oracular Vigilante



I hope you enjoy your breakfast as the sun rises...

Day will end at 4:30 PM EST on Sunday, August 8th, with a Twilight of 1.5 hours.Skrimiche,638,uh ohhhhRed_Pandas,639,that seems that it would be powerfulGikkle,640,I've totally forgotten basically everything that happened in this game

Who did we suspect again? Mito?Azmine,641,Pi, did anything happen while you were "dead"Azmimel,642,you’re on the wrong accountAzmimel,643,Wow that's crazyHunterC98,644,Oh captain my captain, are you still alive?TheHorla,645,How does Oracular work?Red_Pandas,646,by miracle, probably caused by him being coolRorschach,647,Ask question, receive answer.TheHorla,648,Was the scope of the questions limited in any way?Rorschach,649,
HunterC98,650,Answer it NOBALLSGikkle,651,Isoing myself to jog my memory as to what has happened


Spoiler: my posts












































Gikkle,652,Mark/Pandas/Grones I guess are my TRs for today? Idk I'm going with my past self

I also apparently TRed Mito but idk whyGikkle,653,ISOing Eevee for nk analysis purposes


Spoiler: Eevee ISO






























Gikkle,654,Eevee's main contribution was pushing Pandas
Some shade thrown on Mito at some point too but nothing significantGikkle,655,[VOTE]Pandas[/VOTE]

carrying on my boy eevee's legacy!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,656,The pandas argument isn't really strong at all. I wouldn't think mafia would go and try to frame Pandas by killing eevee when the read was mediocre.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,657,I'm honestly confused about the NK in general. Eevee is usually lynchbait, not a NK. What is mafia doing?Gikkle,658,Doesn't your second sentence support the pandas argument
They aren't gonna be trying to frame him, so the only real reason to kill Eevee is to silence him if pandas is scumGikkle,659,In what game was eevee killed n1 because mafia was purposefully doing weird kills
Can anyone remind meMitochondria,660,I'm gonna be honest, I forgot everything that was happening in this game

Big wtf to Pi for trying to kill me when I wasn't on at the very end of the last day phase, not a fan of that play at all. Personal feelings about getting merc'd aside, it was super impulsive and, imo, big scum energy to make a move like that.Grones,661,I lived *****Grones,662,Yarrr ye be scumGrones,663,No yarrrrrGrones,664,It was be to save Gikkle and 3 townies yarrrr

Ye be scumAzmimel,665,Any thoughts beyond thatGrones,666,The mutineers be cowards n killed a sailor who ne'er voted a soul. We be hardp'essed t'read this 'ere kill.Grones,667,He be scum
I be a soulreadin cap'nTheHorla,668,I am backAzmimel,669,I mean you soulread jelly last game so I'm almost inclined to believe you.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,670,Ah. Yea. Whoops. Sorry. Yea. That's what I mean.Rorschach,671,Hi back, I'm dad.Red_Pandas,672,Ngl I would probably be the mafia member that would be the most sacrifice-able
I don't think mafia would want to keep ,me alone so much they kill eevee just for having a slight scum read on me
if I had a powerful role maybe
but I dont think that would be the entire reason the kill happenedAzmimel,673,This post reeks of town idkGrones,674,Mafia most likely be lookin at votes
Eevee be a no-voter
they be killin 'imTheHorla,675,Sorry just quoting this post as a test10000 Jelly Doughnuts,676,What do you mean?Azmimel,677,Why would they want to kill a novoter?Grones,678,Mafia be wishin' t'lay low. They be murderin' sailors who 'ave no strong reads. Eevee ended day on no vote, yarrr!Grones,679,This be no hypothetical. Look'er at the vote counts, ye scalleywag. Eevee be never votin.Azmimel,680,Yes, but what's your pointCjBeats,681,Did not most of the lads and ladies within this establishment either not vote or vote for a no-lynch? I do not think voting is the right way to look at this.Grones,682,-_-
Ye be intentionally obtuse, yarrrrAzmimel,683,Probably, it's kinda lateGrones,684,The laws o' this ship, the Game C, be dictatin' that any sailor that be killed, be a loser. If ye wish to win this 'ere voyage, ye live. The wincons be different, and we be no-lynchin'.Red_Pandas,685,why?Red_Pandas,686,I didn't post yesterday when I first read stuff but Gikkle's vote on me purely off of continuing Eevee's legacy
it just doesn't seem like something a town would actually doRed_Pandas,687,I like azmimels posts tbhRed_Pandas,688,It feels like Eevee was pretty controversial yesterday and slightly scum read so I'm confused on why scum decided to kill EeveeRed_Pandas,689,sorry for the quintuple post O_O

I kiiiind of don't like Skrim's posts, but not enough to feel like it deserves a scumread
I think I need some others thoughts for this read
what do y'all think of Skrim?Grones,690,Ye be right, we be sendin her off the plank10000 Jelly Doughnuts,691,What’s up with Skrim?Grones,692,/shrug
YarrCjBeats,693,/shrug?Red_Pandas,694,I was thinking something a bit more specific but I guess that worksGrones,695,I be messin' with Pandas
He may be a mutineer, methinks 
"Skrimiche should die maybe? Thoughts?" 
Be the mutineer words.Red_Pandas,696,that is an extreme misinterpretation of my words, captain.Grones,697,A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P 
a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p 


yarr!Grones,698,YarrrRed_Pandas,699,yeah but then that makes it confusing to quoteGikkle,700,who da heck tripped over me last nightGikkle,701,@Red_Pandas what are your reads?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,702,Was that you lol?CjBeats,703,What doth thou mean trip?Skrimiche,704,you forgot why you scumread me, didnt youGikkle,705,was it you, Jelly?!! Very rude!CjBeats,706,Pwease Gikkle wikkle, expwain to wittle ole me.Gikkle,707,someone tripped over me CjBeats,708,I do not understand.Gikkle,709,you don't need to.CjBeats,710,HmmGrones,711,Yarrrr, I be questionin' the importance o' this voyage 

I propose a nolynch again! Yarrr!
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Gikkle,712,can't believe mafia chose eevee to lose first
they must hate eevee personally, since he wasn't even that big of a voice
wow mafia, so rude10000 Jelly Doughnuts,713,Look, I didn't mean to.Gikkle,714,I also got a pillow last night, thanks to whoever gave that to me. much comfy.Red_Pandas,715,any apparent consequences or effects?
Almost no reads tbh, but so far Pi TR and Azmimel slight tr
Pi we have to get flip info at SOME point
Agreed
any effects?Azmimel,716,Not a single sr?Red_Pandas,717,Nope, not one!Red_Pandas,718,Money has barely posted and the only post he seemed to put effort into is just weak arguments against already weak-ish points
it's not like bad-bad so I'm not sure if it is enough to make me feel like a possible S!Money or not
but it is thereRed_Pandas,719,this isn't responding to Azmimel's question, this is cause I JUST looked at Money's postsGikkle,720,who we killinTheHorla,721,[vote]Grones[/vote]

Still very loopy right now, but my reasoning right now is something like this:
- voting no lynch on D1 is an actually sound idea, but voting no lynch on D2 is bad
- him picking up the gun and shooting mito was actually really scummy
- gonna say that still being alive after being blown up is kinda scummy, despite his (feigned?) surprise todayTheHorla,722,The flip side of this argument, though, is that shooting another player is a better play than shooting yourself. Obviously what gikkle did was super townie, but he had a 100% chance of killing town; from town-pi's perspective, he had a 1/4 chance of hitting scum, which is better odds than gikkle's play.

The other tinfoil theory is that gikkle is scum, knew the thing was harmless, and shot himself for town points, but that strikes me as super unlikely.

Still overall, decent scumread on grones for now; I'll keep my vote here for now.Red_Pandas,723,I have no ideaRed_Pandas,724,The forced killing at EoD had almost no hints beforehand possibly revealing it, Mafia would almost never know whether it was real/fake unless Esther (or whoever the person was, I think thats who) is working with the mafia.
I feel like Gikkle self-shot would be extremely risky of a play from scum so that makes me feel like it was a town move.
I would have to check back but if Pi had an SR on Mito it can make sense from a town PoV
however from what I remember, and saw from reading back for reads, Mito wasn't his strongest SR at least from appearance, as compared to people like Skrim and Gikkle (iirc)

Decent point though overall, I didn't do much speculating on pi's shots so this could be a very possible thing
This also makes sense
also I keep forgetting that pi got blown up by itharass,725,never knew a new mafia game was going on
/backupTheHorla,726,I mean, I don't want to speculate too much since there's just a chance the thing was harmless for anyone. But it's a big ??? why he's still here

I also have some thoughts about his actual reads but I really need sleep, I'll post them asap tomorrow; hopefully we can get decent discussion in the last 12ish hours or so and get a decent lynchTheHorla,727,Oh yeah I forgot lol

Grones is voting no lynch even after what happened yesterday

Machine sent a clear message that no lynches -> bad, and grones is basically going "yeah let's touch that hot poker again yarrrr"Grones,728,I be forgivin Mark's votes o' me since he be dyin' and recoverin', from his landlubber vaccine.Grones,729,Also, Mito be scum.CjBeats,730,Then why not vote him instead of a no lynch?Red_Pandas,731,[VOTE] Grones [/VOTE] igGrones,732,Pandas and Mito be scum, methinks

Panda be a timid scum, he be saying this





He never be taking strong stances aboard his vessel. He be test th'waters, lookin' through a glass t'see if fellow mutineers be with 'im. 

Mito/Panda/Someone else 
Mutineerers! 

[vote] Panda [/vote]Red_Pandas,733,I never have strong stances on anything in mafia
this isnt a new thingGrones,734,Maybe so, but ye be testin' th'water to mislynch POOR SKRIMICHE YARRRRRRed_Pandas,735,"I kiiiind of don't like Skrim's posts, but not enough to feel like it deserves a scumread"
as in
"I don't have a Skrim SR because their posts aren't quite bad enough"
also don't you have a Skrim SR?Grones,736,No, I be spurrin ye on t'see what ye do
I be naked votin Skrimiche, and ye went "ok cool". That be tellin' me ye perfectly good with her bein' thrown o'erboard. If ye didn't SR her, why ye be sayin:
Hmmm? 
Yerrrrrr a scum one! Mr Grinch!Red_Pandas,737,I was trying to say "maybe elaborate on why"
worded in a passive-aggressive kind of wayGikkle,738,Why are y'all voting Grones10000 Jelly Doughnuts,739,Money's busy rn.

Pandas reads are a bit sheepish imo, I could see a scum pandas. Placeholder vote, so I don’t get punished if I didn’t vote.

Sorry, busy today. Might be on before EOD but I don’t see it. 

[Vote]Pandas[/Vote]TheHorla,740,I actually agree on the pandas read but why is Mito scum lolGrones,741,Gut and this post
YarrrrTheHorla,742,I'm a bit more sane now fyi

It's kinda suspicious that jelly is parroting pi's vote JUST as I vote grones, which I did not expect

So I see sorta two possible scum teams: pandas/azmine or jelly/piTheHorla,743,That post is fine? I would scumread you if you shot me. And Mito has barely done anything so no idea how you can have a gut read on them in any direction.Grones,744,One death wasn't enough for these mutineer traitors yarrrGrones,745,T H E G U T 

Y A R RRed_Pandas,746,Mark made some posts about it
who am I sheeping with my votes though?
that post is fine?
gut is not enough hereRed_Pandas,747,with my reads*Red_Pandas,748,im pretty sure all my reads are original except the Pi read which ofc is because of markTheHorla,749,Yeah pandas is wheeling votes iirc, he's just being super underconfidentGikkle,750,Oh wait people only lose the game when they are lynched? Not when nked I guess according to the wording of the ruleTheHorla,751,Should read "isn't sheeping"Gikkle,752,Spring has sprung?Azmimel,753,S-Skrim is scum?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,754,Okay on lunch (not lynch, phone) break. Let me explain my pandas read, because I didn’t even see pi’s post really in depth.

Pandas feels noncommittal in any of his reads, which isn’t AI in itself, but then he asks about Cash. Cash, who is out of the game entirely rn, has been immune to lynches and what not afaik, and tries to get suspicion on him. That’s something pretty hard to miss, and I feel like pandas is trying to make a distraction somehow. Therefore scum.

Pi’s scummy too imo, but I have that weird feeling he could be jester and hope someone would be kind enough to kill him.Azmimel,755,oh we’re doing this again, are we?Azmimel,756,From machine on the discord

"
@Player i am making the executive decision to extend day 24 hours due to some housekeeping issues I need to deal with potentially preventing me from having internet during day end.

Day will now end at 4:45 on Monday, with a twilight of 1.5 hours. 

Game B will start 15 minutes after twilight ends in games A&C.
"Mitochondria,757,[vote] Pi [/vote]

Barring a dramatic new development, my vote's probably not moving. Mark kinda stole my thunder, but here are the main reason's Pi's probably scum:
-Again, the gun play was terrible. I'm biased, yeah, but I've never been in a situation where someone's been killed right at EoD when they can't defend themselves by town. Huge town points for Gikkle for his response; Gikkle, if you're scum then congrats, you pocketted me.

-Voting for someone immediately after Mark called him out for no lynching is a bad look imo. I also think it's odd he went for Pandas instead of me (and the no lynch instead of me yesterday) considering half his posts are about he soulreads me as scum. Why is he shading me (and trying to daykill me lol) instead of getting a wagon going?

-As I said yesterday, Pi's D1 play was blegh. I can go back through the posts and find examples of all these things if anyone really wants, but I remember disliking how much he was/is controlling the thread and discussion (shooting down discussion topics he didn't like, e.g. some CJ/Jelly (?) argument from yesterday, trying to railroad my death at EoD yesterday, etc.). My pet theory is that the pirate modifier's faked so he can seem more entertaining (thus more townie) and get away with having leaps in logic by blaming misinterpretations of his post on the modifier.

Unrelated question but @Gikkle was your human flesh problem resolved last night?Grones,758,Machine be threatenin t'kill 3 people. Gikkle conftown. You? Probably scum. Yarrrr it be the best play aboard the vessel


Gettin' ye lynched be a fool's errand. easier t'get yer fellow mutineer.



Idk what this be meanin' so I be ignorin' it.

I be willin' t'hop off th'plank, but absolutely kill Mito and Panda after I flip Town yarrrr harrrGrones,759,This lynch o'me be very strrrrange. Scum motivated, obviously. Mito and Panda be needin' t'die, ye landlubbers'll see. Yarrrrrr

Last scum (if there) be unknown t'me.Grones,760,NoGrones,761,My role be verrrrrrry scummy so I be not claimin even if I be fixin' t'die. If I die, I die. I won't be winnin even if town be winnin' but I be biased, anywhoo, so do be sendin Mito and Panda off th'boat when I be gone.

Rid me o'this cursed post modifier
[vote] Panda [/vote]Red_Pandas,762,When did I ask about cash
the person I actually asked about was Skrim, Cash is just the one who I have the least of a read on out of the players I've looked at.
I actually have been forgetting that Cash is immune to stuff, but I don't even want to Lynch them so that shouldn't even matter right now
Don't use the extremely slim possibility of a jester to avoid a Lynch on them
If you could explain why he's more scummy then you that would be great
If you think there are 2 scum you know of it shouldn't matter much who you decide to kill
this doesn't make sense from town
What is this
Bad
ScummyRed_Pandas,763,Anyone else find it extremely weird that Gikkle is just now theorizing about this, instead of on day 1?

(also just noticed @Rorschach thread title is incorrect I think)Grones,764,I don't really wanna reply to this bc none of the things you said mean anything
I feel like youre purposefully misunderstanding my posts or just asking questions to appear like you're open to changing your mind, when you really just want a mislynch.

Anyways, imma dip for rest of day because I don't really understand what game C is even for? And with Mark and Mito trying to get me lynched, I'm probably dead anyways, which ofc means I lose the game and idc about town winning if I lose, cuz im a wacky selfish biatch. Anywhoo, kill Panda and Mito afterwards.

Yarrrr!Rorschach,765,When they die.Rorschach,766,Shhhhh nooooo its perfect definitely says Day 2Gikkle,767,The fact you find it weird is weird because I just went back to look at the rules and that's why I'm talking about it lolGikkle,768,I still have a craving for human flesh, but I wouldn't call it a problem.Skrimiche,769,grones town
won't be on for most of today (or this week in general tbh) but let it be known!Skrimiche,770,grones town bc he's not acting like he does as scum (from what i remember, anyways; dont rly use/pay attention to meta personally)Red_Pandas,771,You're dodging everything I said in the post, by saying I'm misunderstanding your posts. (If we're both misunderstanding each other this much that would be bad but I don't see exactly how I'm misunderstanding what you're saying.)
If you really think I'm misunderstanding your posts in a way that's harmful to the town right now, you should be correcting what you said or what I misunderstood about it. If I'm getting everything wrong I really would like to know that.
Also referring to me voting someone I SR as "wanting a mislynch" is very scummy to say imo
I can't even explain how bad this sounds
Hm, must be me then.
I just feel like half-way through D2 is a weird time to be looking back at the rules
This doesn't make sense to meTheHorla,772,Reading upRorschach,1,[No mods this is not a duplicate it makes sense if you play the game. I'm sorry that my initial setup looks like spam. We'll be using all three threads. They're not the same.]






The rain falls steadily, the castle rising up.

The carriage we follow in this wet muck sprays up mud every few yards or so, drenching any passerby more than they were before. The rickety shaft of the undercarriage creaks and groans, before the vehicle eventually comes to a stop, the horses pulling it whinnying in annoyance.

Yet another dark carriage in the line tonight, outside the front gate. Some of their inhabitants were invited and came readily...others...not so much.
Thrown in like sacks of potatoes. Today the thunder does not rush across the landscape. For this is a sad day. This is a day someone dies.

This is Mafia.

Please read the following information carefully. Many rules are not the same, and the setup is atypical from what you are familiar with. Do not sign up until you have read how to sign up.



Spoiler: What is Mafia?



Mafia is all about lies and charisma, or at least synthesized charisma. The game typically follows a cycle of discussion whereupon a player is voted out of the game, followed by a cycle where silence reigns, and players may submit their actions which could include such types of things as protection, killing, or investigation.

The game is normally composed of 2 main factions, an uninformed majority, traditionally referred to as "town" or "village," and an informed minority known as "mafia" or "wolves." The wolves' goal is to equal or outnumber the townies, while the town's goal is to eliminate all wolves.

Sometimes there are additional alignments, such as additional mafia factions, or third party roles which can win with any side, or with nobody else.






Spoiler: The General Rules



These rules do not follow a priority system. They are considered sacred, and will not take precedence over one another. These rules may be pre-empted by more game-specific rules, but unless you are explicitly told otherwise either in an official DM by me, or by a specific rule governing a thread posted by me, these rules are hard and fast.

Obey all rules associated with the forum.
Do not discuss the game outside of this thread or host-approved DMs.
Play towards you or your alignments win condition.
Do not post anything in the thread after you die. Memes are fine, as long as they are not game related in any way.
Do not post game related stuff during the cycle at which actions are traditionally resolved. (This is normally referred to as a "night" phase.)
Do not post anything I send you in a DM in any way. This includes copy-pasting, screenshotting or capturing images in any other way. I will give you explicit permission if you are allowed to share something. Otherwise, assume you are not.
Paraphrasing things is fine.
You may not delete your posts, nor edit the post such that the content of the post's meaning is changed. This means only fix grammatical or spelling mistakes if you are editing your posts.
This game will be run across three threads. You will only need to keep track of 2, and only one of those two will have discussion at a time. (Traditionally referred to as a "day" phase.)
As a moderator, I am not bound to always tell the truth. I will avoid lying where possible, but to keep the integrity of the setup, it may necessitate explicitly lying about certain functionalities until they have been triggered.
Nights will be action phases, while days will be discussion phases.
Alignments in other threads are not indicative of alignments in this thread, and vice-versa.
I will not respond to in thread tags.
I will not answer questions in thread.
I will not read questions in thread.
I will respond to my oldest DMed question first. So if you spitfire, sorry it's just I gotta handle the load in one order or another.
You may not discuss a different game in a different thread. (No discussing Game A in Game B's thread.)
This includes Game A/C Combos. Even if you're not playing in both, you may not discuss the one you're not in in your host thread.

I could lie and say that flavor isn't alignment indicative, but that would be a lie. Flavor could be alignment indicative. Or role indicative. Or both.
Duplicates are possible. Even flavor duplicates.

Vote ties are not necessarily handled the same way cycle to cycle or game to game. If not specified at the start of a cycle, assume that it is whoever was at the higher number of votes the longest.
If Player A has 8 votes and Player B has 7 votes, then someone votes player B, player A is still lynched.
If instead someone unvotes player A, player A is still lynched.

No roles are banned from play. This includes OG Jester which kills everyone when it wins.
The bot is doing vote counts. (Thanks Mark.)
Due to the nature of the setup, hydras are discouraged but not outlawed.
THERE IS NOT DEAD CHAT. 
THERE IS NO SPECTATOR'S CHAT.
YOU DO NOT RECEIVE THE ROLE LIST UPON DEATH. 
YOU MAY NOT DISCUSS THE GAME UPON DEATH.




The following three spoilers will discuss specific rules that are different between the three concurrent games. Signing up for game A or game C will also sign you up for game B.


Spoiler: Rules: Game A



As with the previous rules section, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game A's thread specifically.

The capacity of players in this thread must be at a maximum, one less than the capacity of players in Game C. For preference, this game will have two less players than Game C. It runs most optimally with 9 or more players.
Being lynched in this game means you lose the game. Winners get to live to tell about it. Losers do not.
The game follows a traditional layout of Day Discussion and Night Actions. Cycles will last approximately 48 hours each (Night=48hrs, Day=48hrs), but will be updated at the start of each cycle to clarify as needed.
The order of operations for this game is hidden. As such, you will not receive it if asking.
The "town," or uninformed majority faction will be referred to as the mafia. The informed minority will be referred to under any of the following names: "werewolf," "sleeper agent," "wolf,"or "machine why is this so unnecessarily confusing"






Spoiler: Rules: Game B



As with the previous rules sections, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game B's thread specifically.

The capacity of players in this thread is at a minimum the summation of the number of players in Games A & C.
Atypical of traditional mafia games, the discussion phase will be referred to as "Night" while the action phase will be referred to as "Day." Cycles will last 48 hours each. (Day will be 48 hours, Night will be 48 hours)
This game will start on "Day 1," meaning it will start on an action phase.
No roles will be handed out for this game until the end of Day 1's cycle. Roles will be assigned as follows:
During Day 1, you will choose a player in the game, and a flavor for them. A role will be assigned based upon that flavor.
Flavors should be something you would borrow or rent from a library or archive. This could include any of the following types of items:
Books
Movies
Music
Journalism
Photography
Or others...

You may not choose yourself as the player to receive the flavor.
You may not coordinate to ensure that everyone receives a flavor. Some books are not yet written...
If a player receives multiple flavors, they may experience any of the following:
Be given the option to select one.
Automatically redirect the flavor onto someone else.
Receive all flavors as their flavor.








Spoiler: Rules: Game C



As with the previous rules sections, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game C's thread specifically.

The capacity of players for this thread is at a minimum, one more than those in Game A. It works best, however, with 11 or more players.
If you are lynched in this game, you are considered to have lost. Winners get to eat cake, and the dead do not eat...or do they?
The game follows a traditional layout of Day Discussion and Night Actions. Cycles will last approximately 48 hours each (Night=48hrs, Day=48hrs), but will be updated at the start of each cycle to clarify as needed.
The rules for this game are subject to update. At the start of each day or night, any updates will be shared in that start post.






Spoiler: Links to Games A, B, & C



Game A
Game B
Game C





Spoiler: Important Mod Posts



PreGame: Flavor Announcements
Day 1 Start
Day 1 End
Night 1 Start
Day 2 Start



Game C:


Spoiler: Living Players



@Gikkle
@10000 Jelly Doughnuts
@Azmimel
@Grones
@Skrimiche
@Red_Pandas
@DAREALMoneyMan
@Mitochondria
@TheHorla
@HunterC98
@CjBeats
@Vizier





Spoiler: Dead Players



@MrEevee7 (Night 1)





Spoiler: Backups



@Venusaur
@Illwei





Spoiler: Spectators



Thaum is the only person allowed to spectate.





Spoiler: Previous Games



Game I
Game II - Minecraft Edition
Game III - Minecraft Mobs
Game IV - Blitz Mafia
Game V - Food Mafia
Game VI - Music Mafia
Game VII - Super Smash Bros
Game VIII - Pokemon
Game IX - Terraria Edition
Game X - Mega Walls
Game XI - Video Game Music Mafia
Game XII - Yu-Gi-Oh
Game XIII - Time Travel Mafia
Game XIV - Night of the Living Goo’s
Game XV - The Library
Game XVI - Kits and Classes U-Pick
Game XVII - Star Wars
Game XVIII - Greater Idea Mafia
Game XIX - Comic Book Edition
Game XX - Chaos Rising
Game XXI - Final Fantasy: ExDeath’s Summon
Game XXII - Hypixel Mafia Players Mafia
Game XXIII - Night of the Living Goos: Part 2
Game XXIV - Pokemon Edition
Game XXVI - Murder in the Northlands
Game XXVII - Video Games
Game XXVIII - Desolate
Game XXIX - Amusement Park Mafia
Game XXX - Restaurant Mafia
Game XXXI - Night of the Living Goo’s Part 3
Game XXXII - Mark’s Hydra Hell
Game XXXIII - Alliance Mafia
Game XXXIV - Ancient Rome Mafia
Game XXXV - Space Mafia
Game XXXVI - Summer Vacation
Game XXXVII - Dawn of War (DnD)
Game XXV - Hypixel Mafia Players Mafia 2
Game XXXVIII - Applying to College
Mini-Mafia 3: Logical Fallacies Edition
Game XXXIX - Evolution Mafia
Game XL - Don’t Starve Mafia
Game XLI - Historical Figures U-Pick
Game XLII - The Suffering Game
Game XLIII - Minecraft Mafia
Mini-mafia 4: King Edition
Mini-mafia 5: Chess Edition
Mini-mafia 6: Meme Mafia 1
Game XLIV - Finale
Game XLV - Year Long Mafia
Mini-mafia 7: Ryast’s Mini
Mini-mafia 8: Jojo’s Bizarre Mafia
Mini-mafia 9: Persona 5
Mini-mafia 10: Kirby’s Mafia Adventure
Mini-mafia 11: Meme Mafia 2
Mini-mafia 12: Playing Cards
Mini-mafia 13: Profound Mafia
Game XLVI - DEFCON Mafia
Game XLVII - A Forgotten Temple
Game XLVIII - Halloween in January
Game XLIX - Mafia Hotel
Game L - A Test of Faith
Game LI - Evolution Mafia 2
Mini-mafia 14: Operating Room
Mini-mafia 15: Diffusion of Power
Mini-mafia 16: Simulation Mafia
Game LII: Conspiracy Mafia
Game LIII: The Legend of Zelda Mafia


TheHorla,2,What's Carpe Jugulum?Rorschach,3,Seize the throat.Azmine,4,HypeGrones,5,Game CDAREALMoneyMan,6,Why is Ryast in both games A and C Grones,7,Shouldn't this be Game C? Also, why is Ryast in both games A and C?Rorschach,8,Cause I'm not very good at hitting backspace a ton of times after copy/paste decides to put an extra space between every line.Rorschach,9,Rectified.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,10,Let's go!Rorschach,11,HOKIES!!!

BA DA DA DA DA DA DAAAAAAAAAAAAAA DUMMMMMMMHunterC98,12,Welp, the games are fixing to begin eh?TheHorla,13,Quick test here:

[vote]mark[/vote]DAREALMoneyMan,14,Quick, hammer mark pregame

[vote]mark[/vote]TheHorla,15,[vote]ryast89[/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,16,Pregame RVS?Skrimiche,17,eRorschach,18,




Esther surveys the room from her high backed chair, her gaunt frame unnerving. The room is littered with damp sacks, some of you climbing out of them. Some of you have been here for a while, chatting idly over tea. In the center of the room is a large cage, covered in a cloth, something rattling at it from the inside. 

"Welcome...to the game. Everyone. You have been briefed on the rules, and if not...well. They are publicly available to you." Esther says, pulling out a pen and holding it, pointing to a bulletin on the wall with the rules. "When you choose who to lynch for today, Chef says he's on vacation. So unfortunately we'll just have to drop them in there." She says, smiling thinly, pointing to the cage in the center of the room, where something growls from the inside. "Well...I shan't keep you...You must have so much to discuss..."

Day 1 starts Now. It ends at 7:45 pm, EST on August 3rd. Twilight will last until 9pm of the same day.Grones,19,Yarrr me hearties! Aweigh anchor and set sail for hammertown!Skrimiche,20,what is up gamersGikkle,21,10000 Jelly Doughnuts,22,[Vote]Skrim[/Vote]
!Gikkle,23,[VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE]Rorschach,24,@Gikkle
@10000 Jelly Doughnuts
@Azmimel
@Grones
@Skrimiche
@Red_PandasGikkle,25,Great minds think alike!Rorschach,26,@Red_Pandas
@DAREALMoneyMan
@Mitochondria
@TheHorla
@MrEevee7Rorschach,27,@HunterC98
@CjBeats
@VizierGrones,28,[vote] Skrim [/vote] make the wench walk the plank!Gikkle,29,Bandwagon moment
susVizier,30,[Vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts[/Vote]Grones,31,yar har har, ye landlubbers got no mind for naval strategy like ye ol' capt'nVizier,32,CAPTAIN!Skrimiche,33,im feeling like absolute buttcheeks so im not actually gonna play the game /sGrones,34,AYE ME HEARTYSkrimiche,35,not sure why a townie would post this even in RVS. seems like something only scum would do for townpointsVizier,36,LOOK!Grones,37,NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NOGikkle,38,Ah... I am so hungry... But food is so far away....Skrimiche,39,ehh, the game's barely started, doesnt really seem alignment-indicative to me. just a heehoo funnee attemptSkrimiche,40,just because it's RVS doesnt mean scum cant slip. i see zero reason for a town!skrim to have posted thatSkrimiche,41,like i said, it was probably just them trying to crack a joke.

+ other people have done similar things in the thread. why havent you been going after them?TheHorla,42,hey guys remember 3 votes is actually nearly halfway to hammer lolGrones,43,Alas me hearties, the lass "Skrimiche" is but a scurvy landlubber stranded at sea, lost her mind.Skrimiche,44,where? i havent seen anyone else try to deflect suspicion off of themselves with a flimsy AtE excuse. if im wrong then go quote themMrEevee7,45,[vote] mito [/vote]Gikkle,46,look at this person, talking to themselves. Insanity!

Though, I myself don't actually have any idea whats going on. Where am I?Skrimiche,47,this is just a waste of time. i shouldnt have to hunt them down for you

[VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE] stop being hypocritical with your readsGikkle,48,[VOTE]MrEevee7[/VOTE]Skrimiche,49,annnnd there's the chainsaw defense! found another scum. [VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE]MrEevee7,50,Omgus
[Vote] gikkle [/vote]TheHorla,51,Skrim you're making me giggle lolSkrimiche,52,but you voted mito?Grones,53,ye be at sea, but that be already beknownst to ye, ye conspirator. Ye and that lass Skrimiche be pirates flying the jolly rodger on open seas!

[Vote] Gikkle [/vote]Skrimiche,54,oh wait i see
disregard silly ol meMrEevee7,55,[vote] grones [/vote]TheHorla,56,What the **** is that pfpMrEevee7,57,Are you townHunterC98,58,crunchitize me capn.

Wait, hows the quote thingie work if the click quote doesnt quote?Vizier,59,Groan

Skrim is confusing me.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,60,THEY COME TO THIS PLACE WHEN THEY KNOW THEY AREN'T PURE!TheHorla,61,
Who are you guys?Rorschach,62,Hunter
ArraTheHorla,63,I repeat the question.HunterC98,64,wazuuuuuuupRorschach,65,From Chucklefish. They're in the discord.Grones,66,Ye click th'reply button, ye freshwater politicianVizier,67,Poyo!TheHorla,68,aaaahhhhhHunterC98,69,oooooooooh...well what does the quote thingie do?Skrimiche,70,no

sorry ;-;TheHorla,71,:Waves:HunterC98,72,skrim is an adorable bat, i see no problems.Grones,73,All yer quotes be stowed away below decks, ye press "insert quotes" to rouse those lazy landlubbers and bring em to yer postMitochondria,74,more like
amiright fellas???Vizier,75,Amgry Poyo.HunterC98,76,ahh, gotcha, thank you!Grones,77,[vote] mito [/vote] this mitochondria science wizardry be black magic, a terrible omen from the heavens, take him to the plank!Azmimel,78,Hi friendsMitochondria,79,oh captain my captain, if you wish for me to die, then die I shall

[vote] Mito [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,80,I would be very suspicious about the votes nearly getting a hammer this time, but I remember this game runs smaller than what we’re used to.HunterC98,81,yeah....i'll call that pun a lynchable offense...
[Vote] mito [vote]Azmimel,82,Quick hammer mito?Mitochondria,83,do it you won't10000 Jelly Doughnuts,84,For future reference, you got to have the slash at the start of the second vote.

just in case that helpsAzmimel,85,No, cause I appreciate that game C gets to say mito is hereHunterC98,86,Ahh....whoops.
[Vote] mito [/vote]

Edit: just to say i properly voted.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,87,Fair enough, but do you have any reasoning why you did that in the first place beyond random voting?HunterC98,88,nothing beyond a sinful punAzmimel,89,Scum team

Eevee
Mito
Panda
SkrimGrones,90,Throwing jests to the wolves, methinks Gikkle and Skrim be conspirators, plotting vile mutiny!

This be a landlubber's shot at pretending not to know the wench, typical freshwater lies. Gikkle may be a scurvy bastard, but he's the eye of the crow's nest for wizardry, no use pretendin to be a fool. Away with them! 

[vote] Gikkle [/vote]Grones,91,Skrim be a vile, lying lass, a stowaway here for vile mutiny!Gikkle,92,I have literally no idea what you're saying.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,93,Scum team:

Grones
Mark
Panda
YouAzmimel,94,Yeah id be okay with that10000 Jelly Doughnuts,95,That would be a stacked team.Grones,96,More lies! Yar har har! Ye be foolin us to think yer heads filled with saltwater!Azmimel,97,Exactly, I wouldn't mind. Except Mark would get lynched too earlyGikkle,98,I admit it, it was a lie. I don't have "no" idea, since I did have SOME idea. I apologize for this horrible offense, second mate. But your pirate speech is confusing, so I don't quite understand what you're trying to say...Azmimel,99,Lynch all liars!

[Vote] gikkle [/vote]Rorschach,100,Before someone asks again.

The town/village win condition is to:
1. Survive
2. Remove all threats to town.Vizier,101,Aye, this is a mutiny capn. Hand over all the bananas and gunpowder.

[Vote] Grones [/vote]HunterC98,102,i vote we test the captain for scurvy.DAREALMoneyMan,103,There is an impostor among us, and he is ourselves

[vote]chucklenuts[/vote]TheHorla,104,Oh, since we're all talking funny:

Heyday ho

pleasen no lynch mesa. Grones isa mafia, mesa thinkHunterC98,105,i wont lie...i was very tempted to change my vote over for the jarjar talk10000 Jelly Doughnuts,106,[Vote]Mark[/Vote]
Jar Jar speaking should be a policy lynch.Red_Pandas,107,


Azmimel,108,I personally am a fan or itVizier,109,Die, they must. 

[Vote]Mark[/Vote]Mitochondria,110,Why?Azmimel,111,I dont think he's randomly accused someone based on gut yet, that's a big tellGrones,112,YE WRETCHED BABOON! I'LL HAVE YE AS SHARK FEED ERE THE WIND CHANGES! 
[vote] Vizier [/vote]Grones,113,I be a lying, murdering, pillaging captain, but no mafia ever lay in me bunk with me. Me hands be clean.Mitochondria,114,Eh, maybe, but I think Pi's been fine so far. The only Pi-adjacent post that I haven't liked thus far is this one from Gikkle:

And I really can't explain why. Something about the post's tone (too serious? too dismissive? idk) just rubbed me the wrong way when I was skimming through.Grones,115,Gut? Gut?! I'll gut ye like a fish, ye scallywag.HunterC98,116,fair thinking, but is that a tell?Mitochondria,117,The Gikkle post? Obviously it's too early to really tell but I think it could be, weirdly defensive or dismissive responses to anything that could be perceived as an attack definitely isn't uncommon scum behavior.Red_Pandas,118,ikr I am so goodRed_Pandas,119,I think pi's pirate talk is funny and therefore Pi is hard town
I will not listen to any opposing argumentGrones,120,That post by that wretched mutineer Gikkle mayhaps be the fruit of his heavens-imposed speech impediment. He be playing the part of a confused, sun-dazed landlubber, away at sea, and far from his lass, for far too long. Aye, I remember when I was but a wee lad aboard the HMS Bictory, just a wee deck swabber I was, a cabin boy. Sick to the guts!Red_Pandas,121,gikkle instant scum for no pirate speakGrones,122,Me first mate rises!Red_Pandas,123,anyways, [VOTE] Rorschach [/VOTE]
I really can't shake off the feeling that they've somehow orchestrated this all
what exactly they may be planning is beyond me, but I know they're up too somethingMitochondria,124,nah, he wasn't doing the confused act for his first three posts of the gameHunterC98,125,how many times were you told to scrub the poopdeck?Red_Pandas,126,Aye, captain!Rorschach,127,Quite a few times unfortunately. On his first day he took the name a little too literally...Mitochondria,128,this is a dumb speculation read, but i think there will be scum among the people with post modifiers (and if one flips scum, the other(s) are prob town)Red_Pandas,129,TMI??
No post modifiers are in sight I think this is tmi!!Mitochondria,130,based, you got meHunterC98,131,post modifiers?Mitochondria,132,pi's pirate posting, skrim's schizophrenia posting, maybe gikkle's confused postingMitochondria,133,Post modifiers are basically just any parts of a person's role that require them to format all their posts in a certain way.HunterC98,134,ahhhh, gotcha...Gikkle,135,I think I'm more hungry than confused, to be quite honest.Grones,136,Mayhaps she be a truly disturbed lass, afflicted by rot of the brain, not a "post-modifier"Grones,137,Me life at sea as a young cabin boy was torturous! But now I be the most feared pirate and used car salesman in the seven seas!Mitochondria,138,You didn't seem very hungry in these posts


Is there any way anyone can give you food to help you out?TheHorla,139,Nosa reason, me just needed sometten to sayen in disa amusen translatorGikkle,140,I don't have a post modifier, I think. I'm actually not really sure yet. We'll have to wait and see.Mitochondria,141,okay fair

i'm so sorryGrones,142,Mito smells afoul to me, alike a gutted fish left out to rot in the Sun. Only good to throw overboard! Mito ne'er defends a soul 'cept when he be a foul mutineer! He be seekin to put the cap'n in his trouser pockets! Hardy yar yar!TheHorla,143,It's okeedayMitochondria,144,hey i can be selfless HunterC98,145,oh? Do you have early automobiles? im a big fan of the older models...Gikkle,146,Well... There is ONE way... But you might not like it... You see, it involves human flesh...Grones,147,[unvote] [/unvote] 
Yar Marky! Is this be the way to unvote, to appease the god of the seas, "vote count bot"?Grones,148,Aye we carry anything a landlubber would desire in their dark, nasty, landlubber heartMitochondria,149,How much human flesh?Grones,150,The only powerhouse on this ship will be used combustion engines! Yar har!TheHorla,151,YesaHunterC98,152,oh good..ill have to come and do some perusing for anything of interest...Grones,153,Methinks Hunter be loyal to the cap'n. He be returnin to the high seas after years of being away, surely he be wary and lurking beneath the depths, if he were a mutineer! Timid, scouting the waters! But he be in the fray, fighting with his cutlass like the best of us!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,154,I didn’t even consider Pi’s posting to be a restriction, I just thought he was like that this game.

I may be stupid, lol.

But anyway, I don’t think restrictions are AI at all, I can’t see mito’s argument tbh.Gikkle,155,Well... The exact amount remains to be seen.Gikkle,156,I thought we were just doing this for fun, to be honest.TheHorla,157,Me'm finden disa so fun dat me think me'm goen to keep it tup.Grones,158,It be no restriction! I be struck down by the heavens with this curse, but I will become more power than you could possibly imagine!






Yar har, I drifted to the wrong franchise, for a moment there lads. The sun and years at sea be taking a toll on this cap'n's mind.Grones,159,Away with ye, ShylockVizier,160,What if I need a new ship?Grones,161,Take yerself to the shipyards then, ye scurvy dog! This cap'n sells only used cars!HunterC98,162,i be a little rusty with my sword, more akin to my pistols and muskets..10000 Jelly Doughnuts,163,Did my car’s warranty expire yet?Grones,164,O not yet, no lass! But ye must be here for yer car's extended warranty! For a mere 9000 gold pieces, yer vehicle be warranted and safe to ride the streets of Port Royal for years (two years) to come! Ah! To the plank with years! Fork over yer firstborn and yer car be warranted for a decade!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,165,Sorry, my firstborn has a contractual obligation already.HunterC98,166,ooooh, is that the new payment method?Grones,167,Damn that thieving Rumplestiltskin! That scurvy dog! Freshwater kleptomaniac! Stealing me customers!Red_Pandas,168,technically my role pm never said what alignment I am so I may be scumSkrimiche,169,explain owoSkrimiche,170,sussy
[VOTE]Red_Pandas[/VOTE]Grones,171,
Scarrrrred arrrre ya?MrEevee7,172,Sadly no
I dont think any one of those is actually a post modifier tbh except maybe pi
When u claim neutral:
[vote] panda [/vote]MrEevee7,173,If you can prove you arent neutral evil you can stay alive for nowCjBeats,174,IM ALIVE.
IM KICKIN. 
I AM HERE.

I get to play with Mito uwu, how exciting. And my boy arra, who I shall defend with my life.


mfw10000 Jelly Doughnuts,175,That’s concerning10000 Jelly Doughnuts,176,Sadge, CJ forgets about me and Pi.CjBeats,177,Fear not my good jelly, I have not forgotten thee. I simply never play with the boy arra so it brings me much joy and excitement. OHO AND THE HUNT IS HERE TOO WHAT A GLORIOUS DAY. THIS GAME SHALL BE A SPLENDID GAME OF CAMARADERIE AND BETRAYAL.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,178,You mean trolling at an advanced level?CjBeats,179,I do not understand what you mean by that my good Jelly.Vizier,180,
Mh. No like.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,181,Oh. You will 

Gut, based on nothing, read: Gikkle town.Red_Pandas,182,yeah
well im obviously not neutral, because im mafia.
yeah maybeSkrimiche,183,i thought you said you didn't know your alignmentRed_Pandas,184,yeah but I got the mafia chat so im good nowSkrimiche,185,oh okay sweetSkrimiche,186,hey now wait just a diddily darn second here

did it not say your alignment in the title of your pm??Red_Pandas,187,I mean who knows, I COULD be a secret hidden neutral in the mafia chatRed_Pandas,188,why
why would it
be in the title?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,189,Pandas obvious jester?Vizier,190,Jesters win if they die by vote...Right?Red_Pandas,191,tbh I kind of think this is some sort of scum slip 
I dont know exactly how that would work but im sure thats not how the pms workRed_Pandas,192,I agree10000 Jelly Doughnuts,193,Yes. And Machine's a fan of the original jester that kills everyone else when they die.Red_Pandas,194,that sounds really exciting tbh I think you guys should vote me10000 Jelly Doughnuts,195,Nah, we'll NK you instead 

Someone's a vig, right?Skrimiche,196,@10000 Jelly Doughnuts is your alignment in the title of your pm/file?

sure it is!Azmimel,197,I don’t think we should lynch pandas today, but we should just shoot him. 10000 Jelly Doughnuts,198,It's just labeled 'Game C' and has the role contained within. 

Although I notice a lot of spelling and grammar errors within the file, so I think machine was in a rush or something. Dunno. What's it like for everyone else?Skrimiche,199,inb4 he made them all different so people couldn't cheese the gameSkrimiche,200,oh i see
i meant the name of your role pm file, not the hypixel pmAzmimel,201,are you that nervous about a joke post? don’t like that :3
That’s a good point.

Skrim/Gikkle/Mark/Pi

do any of you actually have a post modifier or are you just joking?Azmimel,202,we all made the pms so that would be NAI anyway

also don’t feel like we should be doing this to solve the game : (Red_Pandas,203,I haven't checked my file
ohh that makes much more senseMrEevee7,204,You know town isnt called mafia this game right?
Didnt machine say there are no jesters?Azmimel,205,maybe his post modifier is that he has to lie all the time? can’t see how this would be a good jester play. It’s way too obvious; I think something else has to be going on here.MrEevee7,206,You requested machine for a normal role pm tho so you dont have a file10000 Jelly Doughnuts,207,Lmao probably.
TBH, that's a pretty scummy thing to say. I've not seen town non-ironically say that.
Machine said that *anything* could be on the rolelist afaik. I could have misread the rules, but I think he said earlier that anything goes.Skrimiche,208,why would i be nervous because of you  

re: post modifier - joke

what do you suggest instead then
cause i dont have anything elseGrones,209,Aye me heartie! I be a cap'n and a used car salesman! Yarrrr!Skrimiche,210,why are we assuming people have post modifiers and using that to determine alignments/roles .-.Grones,211,Yarrr ye be a rude wench, ye be speakin to Mel10000 Jelly Doughnuts,212,Even if Pi has a post restriction, he's having too much fun and I love it. Lock town for wholesomeness.Azmimel,213,Idk, you’re the one who asked me to explain reads made during RVS. Why ask me to explain these reads and not the other one I made after it?? 
there were enough people acting like they had post modifiers that I thought it was a possibility.

remember pi’s worldeater role?Azmimel,214,heyyy do you have a post modifier or nah?Grones,215,It be a fool's errand to affix our spyglasses on th'heavens-cursed speeches. It be the gods playing a jest on ourrrrrr lives! Next scurvy rat to say a worrrrrd gets to be a man overrboarrrd!HunterC98,216,am i a joke to you?HunterC98,217,Redeemed. All is forgiven.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,218,Everytime I read your signature, I want a burger. Dang you.Grones,219,Avast me hearties! The signature be needin an update!Azmimel,220,do you like our pfp?? i picked it out please compliment me Azmimel,221,can’t dislike posts yet : (Skrimiche,222,for anyone else who was wondering if this was actually true or not:
///////
ily mel but my point still stands xoxo

duh, because i only care about things regarding me. uwu

i think the odds of another post modified worldeater are too low to give significant thought to atmAzmimel,223,love u too 
You ask why I thought post modifiers could be indicative of alignment/role and that was my first thought. my point is that if they are real we shouldn’t brush them to the side.Grones,224,th'signaturrrre be amended forrrr th'high seas!Skrimiche,225,ehh
i still dont think theyre important (or at least not something to be focusing on for today). only one person (grones) could be argued to have one. what does that tell you?Grones,226,It be tellin ye I be th'cap'n and ye best be harkening to 'im lest ye wish t'be a wench strrrranded on BarbadosCjBeats,227,uWu panda-kun open wolfing, what a glorious day! This game will be as easy as taking a baby away from their candy!

[vote]Panda[/vote]Scythe,228,ayieh10000 Jelly Doughnuts,229,Oh?
Yes, I do! I really could go for some pasta right now, not going to lie
CJ using uWu unirionically is scaryMrEevee7,230,pandas is definitely scum, but if they are a jester we should probably be careful about lynching them. 
[unvote] [/unvote]MrEevee7,231,it gets worse when you realize
a. they dont have a file
b. they said they already read their role and it didnt say their alignment.Skrimiche,232,coward! [vote]red_pandas[/vote]Grones,233,I be thinkin this speech talk be a waste of ourrrrr voyageGrones,234,Ye ruffians be speakin of a jester
10000 Jelly Doughnuts,235,
^
Specific beats general, and if someone had something in their PM saying they differed from the rules, that takes the reigns.CjBeats,236,Doth thou fellows really think the machine would throw a jester in this here game? Nay, panda-kun is quite simply a wolf who scumsclipped. Tis the only logical explanation for his actions, say I.Gikkle,237,I claim jesterGrones,238,Gikkle be a fine tarrrrget t'send overrrrboarrrd methinks10000 Jelly Doughnuts,239,why the hell are you doing weeb shakespeare speak?Grones,240,This be the second Shakespeare rrrrreference on this ship! A coincidence?Azmimel,241,It was the first thing I noticed when I read up this morning, so that's why I asked a question about it. Red pandas being jester feels a little too easy for me. Why was he being so obviously scummy?? That's why I suggested an alternate theory: a post modifier. But it's just that, a theory.


I don't know what it tells us because I don't know that much yet. I was just curious as to why some people were acting like they had one. Could be important in the future though.Azmimel,242,pandas rating one of my posts funny feels like a punch to the gut tbhGikkle,243,the alignment is in the title right
tbh I missed that completely and just thought "village #" was something to just describe me, not my alignment. My actual role pm doesn't have my alignment so I didn't know I was town until I asked for my win con an hour later lol.

So maybe pandas is telling the truth and since there is no title machine can change in the pms sent by panda he just had a role pm with no alignmentRed_Pandas,244,I may be dumb, but I'm not stupid
no I really haven't, machine told me my role in the pm
I think machine had given me a file already when I asked for a normal pm
yeah that's true
ew CJ saying uwu instant scum [VOTE] Cjbeats [/VOTE]
scum jest?
how does not having a file make it worse
and I got my alignment now im pretty sure it was just an error that I foundRed_Pandas,245,I reaaaaaally want to do funny talk somehow but I cant think of anythingHunterC98,246,hmmm....i say we give the man what he wants, what do you all say?
[vote] Gikkle [/vote]Red_Pandas,247,I find it really funny that I've managed to get myself almost consensus scum read by doing random RVS jokes

no, I am not going to stop.Azmimel,248,are you seriously going to write this off as RVS? fmlGikkle,249,consensus? By like 4 people?Gikkle,250,It's still RVS in my heartAzmimel,251,;-; I'm so confused right nowCjBeats,252,Who knows why any of us do anything in this accursed world?

let us look at thee panda-kun. An experienced member of this here mafia party. Are we to truly believe the man is a dumbfounded idiot? He is not! Panda-kun is an intellectual who scumslipped as his pms are different than our own! Tis the only logical explanation for senpai’s actions!Red_Pandas,253,yes, I will
tbh though the jokes did kinda suck
yeah pretty muchCjBeats,254,Let me enlighten thee. RVS means random voting sycle. You are welcome!Gikkle,255,Town members can't win after dying
Thus town and mafia will be equally scared of getting lynched
Anyone who acts like they are okay with being lynched is a liarCjBeats,256,Hunter me pal! What is thine experience with the game of mafia as we play now?Red_Pandas,257,Im pretty sure mine is the same as everyone else's but coolCjBeats,258,Did ye not ask the machine senpai for a role pm different then our own?


and yet, you my dear Gik claimed jester! Hmmmm suspicious!Red_Pandas,259,yeah I dont actually have a file
just checked
I had one for game A but then I moved to game C
so my alignment technically wasn't anywhere in my PM before machine added itAzmimel,260,I get what you're saying, but I also don't understand why he wouldn't have just questioned machine privately until he understood his role. Why does he benefit from announcing that he has no alignment in his role pm?? What does that do for him?? 


if it was a joke it was a terrible one. 


Oh, CJ, you are a saucy boy!Red_Pandas,261,yeah kind of?
it was just asking for my role in the pm instead of in the file
technicallyyyyy it wasn't a joke 
but I did announce it ironicallyCjBeats,262,Perhaps the machine senpai made an Oopsie woodsie? Could it be!? Is our senpai incompetent??CjBeats,263,There was once a saying back in the day of mine from whence I was born! Comedy is subjective! Terrible jokes are still jokes my dearest Azimel!Grones,264,This be a revealing day, we thrrrow Gikkle orr Skrrrim overboard! Hunterrr, Panda, and Cj arrrrre loyal to the cap'n, forrrr cerrtain!Red_Pandas,265,im afraid soCjBeats,266,And did the machine senpai give you your request in the different role pm?Grones,267,[vote] gikkle [/vote]CjBeats,268,Alas, perhaps we should lynch him instead! Oh what a great sacrifice we must make for our panda-Kun!!Grones,269,Cj ye best stop discussin rrrrrole PMs lest ye appearrr as a conspirator mutineerrrr t'me, thrrrowin the discussion overrrboardCjBeats,270,Enlighten me my dearest cap’n-kun, what is the problem with mistress Skrimiche on this day?Grones,271,[vote]cj[/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,272,I. I.

I'm intimidated. I won't lie.CjBeats,273,My curiosity shan’t be quenched, not even by my dearest cap’n-kun.Grones,274,She be talkin amiss, and I be seeing a vile connection betwixt herrr and th'GikkleRed_Pandas,275,can confirm
yeah I think machine Lynch would be a good idea
yesCjBeats,276,Oh to switch so fast in the heart of thee! What a glorious mind you possess!Azmimel,277,
hmmmm ok10000 Jelly Doughnuts,278,




Pi's reversal of his opinions is well within his normal town meta, I think. Therefore, I will say that Pi is a high TR of mine, and would rather not want him lynched.CjBeats,279,Then chalk it up to nothing more than a miscommunication! Non-alignment indicative say I!

[unvote][/unvote]
It is settled!


my dearest jelly! I am playing most seriously in my heart!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,280,This is 1000000000% cursed.Azmimel,281,I don't like how quickly you accepted that. Where did your certainty go?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,282,


HunterC98,283,uhhh....lets see..last time i played was...what? 5'ish years ago?HunterC98,284,appreciate the vote of confidence cap!Grones,285,Jelly be using jests t'avoid exposing herrrrself as a vile mutineer?Azmimel,286,this feels like the complete opposite of how she was last game, so I'm kinda ok with it,Grones,287,Arghhhhh10000 Jelly Doughnuts,288,Nah, I just wanted to make memes. That's all. I would say that I'd stop doing them, but that would be a lie, because they're funny. 

[Vote]Cj/Vote]

Something pings me about him, he feels wishywashy.

ANd yea, pi's that way too, but he's usually that way as town.Grones,289,Panda be town, no throwin o'erboard, cap'n's orderrs10000 Jelly Doughnuts,290,I disagree with him being town, but agree with not lynching. Hopefully we have a TK that can handle the jester.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,291,because I don't see scum pandas or town pandas being this way tbh.HunterC98,292,i feel too scrambled to make a fair assumption here.

cap'n seems busy being the spitting image of a proper town seafarer.

gikkle seems to be pure chaos.

cj seems awful authoritative, though that could be chalked up with trying to make up for missing some talk time.

jelly seems to be alright so far, a pinch quiet but i dunno how she plays to make a concern of that.

azmimel is either staying very quiet and stoking flames or just unavailable most often.Azmimel,293,Maybe if you explain the connection between Gikkle and Skrim I'd explain my read :3


He's either village idiot or neutral imoGrones,294,Let's brrring out the rum and play a game below decks! All ye scalleywag excuses for sailors, bellow out the scummiest, most treacherous words ye can


The cap'n'll begin

I be so disappointed I be a loyal one this voyage, I be hopin t'be a treacherous mutineer, but the gods declarrre me loyal to me post, th'CAP'NRed_Pandas,295,I feel like I probably would be dumb enough to make these jokes as bothAzmimel,296,the only reason why I could imagine anyone saying this is because they want to be lynched.Azmimel,297,trying to chat with my hydra partner :3MrEevee7,298,hes still lying about not checking the file, as he claims he doesnt have a file later on
so you knew your alignment, so why did you say you didnt?
scum != mafia, it just is evil roles. so jester would be scum as it makes town lose in the case that it is lynched
because you said you didnt read your file, but if you dont have it thats just an obvious lie that you didnt read it.HunterC98,299,aaah...yes that is a thing, my bad.Red_Pandas,300,eh
that doesn't mean I'm lying though, if I dont have a file then I didnt read it?
so it's still true
my alignment was never in the PM before I made the joke about it
after that machine added it
technically I didn't
I dont think jester is even in the game since everyones win-con is to stay alive and defeat the other faction iirc
but that means it's true??
also I did think I had a file
my memory is bad and its not something I thought was importantCjBeats,301,Twas explained away by the panda-kun! My certainty was replaced by uncertainty before being uprisen by a new kind of certainty!
Then ye are but a bab who I shall protect henceforth!


Is coming to an understanding wishy washy my dearest jelly? It is not!MrEevee7,302,no one says "i didnt read my book!!!" if they dont have a book. you were clearly trying to make an excuse for "not knowing your alignment"
ah yes, what a great reason to be town. "my memory is bad"

guys i claim scum!!!!
wait no my memory is bad im actually town!!!Grones,303,9 times out o'10, when ye landlubbers be assured and confident ye caught a scumslip rrrrelatin' t'role PMs, ye be sorrrely mistaken. This be a useless arrrrrgument made by lazy landlubberrrsRed_Pandas,304,as said previously, at the time I thought I had a file 
I never tried to make it an argument that I was was town but sure
I was literally just stating that I had mis-remembered it
also me claiming that I was mafia is the most obvious joke in history10000 Jelly Doughnuts,305,Rum? Rum?

Honestly: scum doesn't usually tend to say that they wished they rolled scum. It's a town move in my experience. Or at least I think so. Pi just keeps on being more townie somehow.
No one read the rules closely enough and it shows.
This is 100% cursed why am I in this game, I should suffer in the nexus instead why why why why whyRed_Pandas,306,im dumb be patient with meSkrimiche,307,pg 13 atm
[vote]CjBeats[/vote]HunterC98,308,okay, lemme be the first to come to the question, do we lynch off of all the nonsense in an attempt to knock out a bad guy or let time pass and use abilities to try and find stuff out?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,309,In most games, town tries to lynch everyday due to the information gained from the flip and the potential mafia member dead.

Here it may be less advisable because a lynch on someone is an automatic 'you lose' thing, so I feel like people are more hesitant this time.DAREALMoneyMan,310,I do not like that you are attempting to brush off his actions via of setup speculationGikkle,311,[VOTE]No-Lynch[/VOTE]
When's the last time we had a d1 no lynch? :3HunterC98,312,soooo keep yapping till someone slips?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,313,Based!
[Vote]No-Lynch[/Vote]
Yep, you got it. Eventually someone will vote dumb, pressures build and then scum slipping happens!CjBeats,314,Oh Gikkle-Chan, you wild man! Perhaps once I would’ve joined you on your quest to lynch not a soul, but alas, I have come to realize the benefit of lynching a person day 1. To not do so would be an inservice to the game!HunterC98,315,aye aye cap-errr...jelly.Vizier,316,You seem...Rather. 

Dead-set on lynching.CjBeats,317,And you aren’t my dearest Arra?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,318,I'm waiting for the time CJ says 'you saucy boy' unironically. 

I think I woke up in the twilight zoneSkrimiche,319,what if they just dont care about losing :3

im down
[vote]Skrimiche[/vote]

gikkle is quaking in his bootsVizier,320,Not particularly. I really wouldn't want more company.Grones,321,Arrrgh! Based! 
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Grones,322,Land ho!Grones,323,Argh! I meant @CjBeats10000 Jelly Doughnuts,324,CJ is a farming instrument?Grones,325,He'll be farmin votes 'ere the tide changes10000 Jelly Doughnuts,326,Also: weird thought: what if dead players were still in the game somehow.

Seems very weird that Machine would just ban dead chat and giving the rolelist.

Maybe there could be revivers. Idk, just seems odd to me.HunterC98,327,That could be interesting, but then the question is, what extent of knowledge would they come back with?Grones,328,The dead souls be sent away from Davy Jones locker because all 3 worlds be connected, methinks.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,329,The same bit of when they were dead, I think.
most assuredly there’s a connection.HunterC98,330,Which makes sense of the snippet of not revealing roles.HunterC98,331,guess playing it safe would be the smart thing to do..
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Grones,332,If ye were bettin yer life on it, which of these ruffians would ye wager is a mutineer?HunterC98,333,if i was to wager my doubloons against a soul, i would say one of the quieter ones...likely mito. just don't have enough to go off of to make a safe assumption.Grones,334,Aye! Mito be a treacherous cabin boy, but for other reasons.

Speakin of quiet ruffians, lurkin under the sea,
@DAREALMoneyManHunterC98,335,i wanted to ask about him but wasnt sure if i just didnt know his name he used.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,336,Explain?TheHorla,337,I don't 100% understand the pandas situation, but I learned the hard way last game that most of the time, "scumslips" related to PMs and formatting are usually just people getting confused.

Let me see if I read this right:
- pandas got his role in a PM, not a file
- the text of the PMs doesn't contain a wincon
- since you can't edit the title of a PM, machine forgot to tell pandas his alignment
- pandas noticed this, made a joke out of it
- people didn't realize that pandas wouldn't have known his alignment from his file title, since he got his role as a PM
Explaining away behaviour as a post modifier is bad logic and scummy. If we want to argue that player such and such is "obviously scummy" because of a "post modifier", we might as well hang up our towels and go home here.
Eevee is way too confident here for my liking.
Disappointed in gikkle for speaking sense here and not using this prime reaction fish opportunity.Azmimel,338,yea, but I also don't like the fact that he's trying to write it off as an RVS joke. I wouldn't lynch him either way, but I certainly don't think he's towny.
Not attempting to brush his actions off. I'm trying to figure out on earth he would inform us (apparently as a joke) that he had no alignment in his role pm. It was just a theory . I personally don't see scum or town doing that in any situation.Azmimel,339,I think they are, specifically because of this quote from the rules for game C
Grones,340,Mito be a snake charmer, a silverrrr-tongued succubus


Across the 7 seas, I've always known this landlubber to be a rotten soul from the malbolge. He be a seducer, a liar, a flatterer, a two faced duplicitous freshwater politician!

His treacherous mutiny sails on
He be a sower of deceit, he sets our ship along the wrong course, subtly like the Majesty's snake charmer he be.Grones,341,What be the cabin boy's agenda?Skrimiche,342,[VOTE]MrEevee7[/VOTE]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,343,Mmm, I disagree, but there's probably no reason to be setup speculating
Okay other than being a dnd monster, what did Mito do?
Why?HunterC98,344,i shall kick back and watch this show unfold til i have anything interesting or thoughtful to add.Azmimel,345,oh sorry i should've been more specific on which part. I think dead players will still have an impact on the game. I have no clue about revivers.TheHorla,346,Am... I the cabin boy? Or eevee?Azmimel,347,this is the second time you've voted a person pi has put under some sort of pressure with no explanation.Grones,348,Review th'rest o'me post, illiterate wenchTheHorla,349,Where did pi pressure eevee?Grones,350,Eevee, that dogMitochondria,351,I agree with Mark's take on the Panda situation. Don't fully understand what their confusion was and honestly don't care enough about this discussion line to spend the brainpower figuring it out, but odds are more likely they got confused and communicated their confusion poorly rather than them being scum that we caught right away.

I'm also mindmelding with Mark on his Eevee take (shows up, tunnels Panda, then dips; I especially didn't like the post he made asking Panda to "prove he's not neutral evil," it's a weirdly specific thing to ask for), but I'm super uncomfy with Skrim's naked vote on him and the underlying feeling that thread consensus is quickly shifting against Eevee. Quick shifts in thread consensus generally indicate that the target's town.

I'm not sure if I dislike this post because a) I'm annoyed that we're already starting our discussion about how Mito not living in the thread = scum (in which case this post is NAI and I'm just being emotional) or b) it's scummy that I get specifically called out despite the majority of the game having done nothing thus far.

Pi's read on me is bad and he should feel bad, but I like his play so far.

Pi and Mark feel town, sans the post I called out above I've been liking Hunter, Skrim's kinda weirding me out so light scumread, I guess scumread on Eevee too but I don't think Skrim/Eevee is a scum pair.Grones,352,And where be th'first time?TheHorla,353,@Azmimel are either of you ABBA fans? (Based on your signature, just wondering)10000 Jelly Doughnuts,354,ah okay yea.
I did, you threw out spicy insults and then refused to elaborate more lolGrones,355,I'll hang ye from th'highest mast with yer own innardsMitochondria,356,I'll sink ye ship before I hangAzmimel,357,oops I mixed up you and grones. But the point should still stand. She's voted people that others have put under pressure with no explanation. 
Don't know about azmine, but I sure am.Grones,358,He be seekin a pocketed sailor, and he be veering us off course, distracting us like a Siren's cry!TheHorla,359,An hour ago I impulsively scumread him for it, but:
- good chance eevee is confused as well
- scumhunting is good, considering that it'd be easy for scum to sit back and chill right now
- I agree with mito that a shifting consensus that eevee is scum is in general indicative that eevee is town (particularly considering that he's often considered an easy lynch)Grones,360,


HunterC98,361,fair, i may not have said it well, the second half of the message was supposed to be me saying i am not fully capable to make a firm guess because i don't have anything to compare it against.CjBeats,362,You are doing amazing my dearest sweet huntie-Chan.

Let us move forward on our conversation from the mister panda-kun! It shan’t get us anywhere doddling on about it! When does this here fine day end?Grones,363,@CjBeatsHunterC98,364,Day 1 ends tomorrow at....7:45 PM i believe?Mitochondria,365,If Pi or Hunter flips scum, I think it's decently likely the other flips scum as well. They've been pretty buddy-buddy all game (meta is fairly useless, but as a point of comparison from playing scum with Pi before, I remember he's not big on bussing teammates) and I'm still weirded out by Hunter shading me without committing to a Mito scumread stance and then backpedalling a bit when I responded (builds support for Pi's read without him really sticking his neck out there).

@CjBeats-kun uwu, what do you think of things so far?CjBeats,366,Such a long day, oh me oh my! Thank you dearest cap’n-Chan. I shall love you long time.Grones,367,One of these cabin boys will walk the plank, ere the day is done! E'eryone else aboard this ship be safe!Grones,368,Yer a bold oneMitochondria,369,Being controversial is fun Grones,370,LiberrrrralsCjBeats,371,I think things are just downright fascinating in this here game! A glorious tale of whodunnit taking place upon our doorstep!
I know not the reasoning on why people are scumming the Eevee-weevee, so I could use an explanation, but beyond that there confusion I do so believe the cap’n-Chan is a good lad. Huntie-wuntie-kun is newish, so I shall protect him for now. I do so believe that talking about panda-kun as we have done so much is becoming nothing more than a waste of time. That moment has passed. I would like to hear more from my dearest arra! A delightful, beautiful, man!Grones,372,Aye?Mitochondria,373,Very wholesome post but oh so very safe! Gimme something spicy, what's your hottest take about the game right now?CjBeats,374,My dearest jelly is a sneaky, sniveling, conniving devil bent on seeing this dearest world of ours burn to the ground upon which we stand!Mitochondria,375,Now we're cooking, how come?HunterC98,376,i was asked who i thought could be scummy and answered off of what i had...which still aint much...Mitochondria,377,That's fair - and to be clear, I've generally liked your posts thus far - but the point still stands. Wishywashy reads are never a good look because they're commonly used by scum to set up mislynches and erode the town's trust in other townies without the scum player needing to commit to the read or lead the lynch (both of which look bad when the target flips town).10000 Jelly Doughnuts,378,[JOKEVOTE]JELLY[JOKEVOTE]

oh god, everyone's doing weeb shakespeare and pirate speak. Get me outta here


---
I can see a wolf eevee, but I'm hesistant because he's LHF and I feel like I could be misdirected.

It's very weird cash hasn't spoken at all, but I don't think that's AI.

CJ feels... off for some reason, maybe the restriction is throwing me off, but it feels like some serious misdirection in his posts.CjBeats,379,Despite being how one may say active, she is too concerned with how people say things instead of they say! No notable contributions have come forth from her blessed heart, and I find that odd for someone of her stature and expertise!CjBeats,380,Right as I say such words she comes with the spice, oh my! Misdirection in what way my dear friend?HunterC98,381,alrighty, ill be sure to keep that in mind.Grones,382,Indra moment 


(Argh)Grones,383,Cj vs Jelly be a fool's errand, akin t'searching for the fountain o'youthCjBeats,384,Then consider me a fool, cause this one errand that I just must run! My curious heart shan’t be quenched until I do!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,385,Let me go through your posts real quick and find what sort of bothered me. It's very possible it's not your fault and I'm in shock from the PR.CjBeats,386,I shall await patiently with pounding enthusiasm for your return!MrEevee7,387,idk about anyone else but it says right in my file what my alignment is, not just the title of it. so machine shouldve still told him his alignment regardless of whether or not it was in a normal pm. i assumed this meant he was neutral as normally neutral just comes with the roll and no statement of alignment
and then he started talking about his file, which seemed scummy to me as he shouldnt have one based on his request, and he also said he didnt read his file, which would be a pointless post to make if he had read his pm where his role should have been, so id assumed it was again, a lie.Azmimel,388,First post I could find related to his interactions with Pandas.





Eevee remembered that Pandas asked for his role in a PM instead of a file, and then fixates on Pandas saying he did not open his file where his role was because that shouldn't have been a possibility for Pandas. 

I feel like it's way too easy to scum read Eevee based on just his interactions with Pandas (which are the only significant ones he's had), especially since Pandas was creating confusion, which is not a townie thing to do.

Right now it's low-hanging fruit, and I'd like to see more from Eevee before I actually consider him to be a lynch target.

@MrEevee7 whatcha feeling right now?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,389,The hard part is that I do have issues with telling jokes and such over text. The post modifier is making it really difficult to tell if you're sincere or just playing it up. I try to keep it in mind, but you do seem to be trying to pocket people.
And then you make the argument that there was a scum slip despite not knowing anything about the format of the roles, especially because I can't really find an example PM anywhere that would justify the reason. Pandas was weird, but this is a confusing game.

Although saying you've never read your PM (pandas) is scummy, so that's agreeable
With Hunter
Hunter again, and then you were enlightened, but it reads to me like you thought this was a dead end thing.
Pi.

And well, you seem to have an odd relationship with Mito too, the 'spiciest takes' feels very forced to me.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,390,Spicy take: Neither Eevee nor Pandas should be in the lynch pool today.Azmimel,391,I'm okay with a no-lynch, but I want Skrim to explain why she voted CJ and Eevee.Grones,392,


Red_Pandas,393,setup spec good, this argument is not valid
that's pretty much right
I can get thinking pi has one but me being a bit confusing definitely =/= post mod
if anything its very normal for me to be confusing10000 Jelly Doughnuts,394,You know, when it feels like everyone's trying to pocket you, no one is. But there are like three people who did click agree on a lot of my posts recently.

EDIT: removed 'let me check' idk why I put that there.Azmimel,395,yeah, I got a little overeager thinking about post modifiers. 
I thought you didn't like CJ? Where are you on that?TheHorla,396,Why are you bringing up a no lynch so early?Azmimel,397,because three people have voted for a no-lynch so farAzmimel,398,just checked vote count, it's actually fourTheHorla,399,It just feels super weird to preface that question with that statementAzmimel,400,I mean if skrim doesn't explain her votes well then I won't be ok with a no-lynch.Vizier,401,
I swear I heard someone roll in their grave with that joke. Absolutely sickening.HunterC98,402,Sorry, that was me.Grones,403,
Grones,404,@TheHorla a used car for your thoughts?CjBeats,405,Me and mito-Chan’s relationship is one of resounding love, but that does not mean I would like to pocket. Alas, I know not the heart of Mito-Chan, so I cannot say anything about him! As for the other laddies you mentioned, I simple wish to protect huntie-wuntie on this first day as he has not played in many a moon. And is it wrong to love my cap’n-Chan for telling me when day ends? I think not! But that is the only reason I said such things, so i find it a stretch if you think that’s me trying to pocket the dear lad.

And one does know the format of a role pm, or at the very least one should! After all, we all received one from the machine senpai!TheHorla,406,Null on everyone except gikkle (light town for speaking up for panda) and lean scum on skrimiche for voting eevee.HunterC98,407,to be fair, a lot of what eevee has to say is either voting or straight calling folks out, not that i agree against him but it is something to keep aware of.Skrimiche,408,
i have my reasons, and if i dont make them public then that is also for a reason. :s

i dont think he is?

gimme a bit

scary ;-;Grones,409,Eevee be a mighty sailor, no LHF 
He be no mutineer, ne'erthelessGrones,410,Who ye be wagering be the mutineer, then?DAREALMoneyMan,411,Alas I am binging Ted lasso, I will probably be done with the season by the end of the day so I’ll do things then (TM)Skrimiche,412,also i voted cj because he had stinky energy but i dont feel like pushing him rnRed_Pandas,413,relatableAzmimel,414,Other head popping in! It's cause (you're his scum buddy) : )Skrimiche,415,prove it busterTheHorla,416,Maybe skrim and azmimel?TheHorla,417,To expand on this a bit: azmimel made some really poor attacks on panda (the whole pm speculation bit was bad, thinking that he had a post modifier that made him always lie was scummy, reading him as jester was scummy, not considering that he may have been a bit confused (and that he was telling the truth that he didn't know his alignment at the beginning) was scummy.)

Skrim naked voted eevee after I attacked them is scum-indicative, and mel immediately criticizing them (and afterwards weakly pressuring skrim) feels a bit more like scum distancing than actual scumhunting.Azmimel,418,Pandas came out and said that he did not have an alignment in his role pm, and then later claimed mafia. He did not claim that he was joking until later. That was confusing to me. I saw absolutely no reasoning for town or scum to have made that move, so I assumed he was a neutral who wanted to die. I don’t think that’s scummy.

I never speculated above role pms. In fact, I was very against it. I did speculate a bit about post modifiers, and yeah, I’ll admit I fixated on it a bit too much, but I was trying to figure out why on earth he would’ve decided to share all of this information with us instead of dming machine and figuring it out, which is what I would’ve done, and post modifiers were on my mind because of the earlier discussion. Was it a poor decision to setup speculate so early on? Probably. Is it alignment indicative? Probably not.

I don’t know why you think my argument against skrim has been weak. I haven’t voted her, that’s true, but I didn’t want to vote anyone until I discussed it with my partner.

this is the only post I made about role pms.MrEevee7,419,Idk tbh but i feel like some of the ppl on my wagon are scummy
Why? That's just straight up an anti town line of thought.Skrimiche,420,anti town? like an anti hero? sickSkrimiche,421,+ no it isnt

machine if by some miracle youre reading this i hate you for the no edit ruleRed_Pandas,422,I can see that, kind ofRed_Pandas,423,its been in mafia games like foreverSkrimiche,424,

Spoiler: cj stink pg 13









Skrimiche,425,yeah but normally i can edit in my afterthoughts when i post
now i have to double post and it's annoying for people trying to catch up TheHorla,426,There's a whole bunch to unpack here:
- if someone claims mafia, it's obviously a joke
- jokes are a thing, and don't necessarily imply that someone wants to die.
- I think it's scummy to read into his behaviour this much
- Making assumptions about the veracity of panda's claim that machine forgot to state his alignment is inherently PM speculation
- Re: why panda shared the info: when I read his posts, I found it funny that machine forgot to give him his alignment; that you didn't consider (or pretended to not consider) that he shared it because mod errors are funny is scummy.
- I didn't say that the post modifier speculation was scummy because it's setup speculation (but good point there, I guess that's one more reason to scumread you!). Your comment was scummy because trying to explain player behaviour by post-speculation ("they are lying/acting off because of mod instructions") is not a townie line of reasoning.
- Your argument against skrim is so far weak because I find it unpursuasive.Rorschach,427,*unpersuasiveGrones,428,Jokes aint always jokes arghhhSkrimiche,429,FIGHT ME YOU COWARDRorschach,430,Sure.
Skrim has been modkilled.

I win.

Skrim has been reinstated into the game.MrEevee7,431,How is it notTheHorla,432,What are you saying here?Azmimel,433,





1) From my point of view, we were out of RVS/the banter stage. Pandas said he thought it would be exciting if people voted him. That implies he wants to die.
2) He didn’t clear up that it was a joke until 30-45 minutes after, and during that time he was a major topic of discussion. The majority of players on at the time believed him to be a jester. He didn’t clear it up immediately even though he was online, which I found weird.
3) You’re telling me it’s suspicious to analyze a player I found scummy at the time? 


My argument was not about PM speculation because I was questioning why he shared the information with us. I was confused because I would’ve asked machine instead of sharing it with the rest of the players in the game. Because of this, I thought it might be a ploy to make himself seem suspicious and therefore get voted.





Proof that I never once speculated about what was actually in his PM, just that I wondered why he actually did it.


Once again, I didn’t understand why Pandas was sharing the information with us. So I tried to figure out why. Two things came into my mind. Jester, which was a common answer among the online players, and a post modifier. I thought of a post modifier because of what I’d been thinking about before with you, grones, skrim, and Gikkle.


My argument against Skrim is her votes with absolutely nothing to back them up. I made that point before you did, you just dedicated an entire post to it. Do you not find your own argument persuasive enough?Skrimiche,434,im sure youve had times where you didnt want to spell things out for a greater purposeGrones,435,Nothin 
Yar har harGrones,436,[vote] cash [/vote]Gikkle,437,I'm 2% closer to ending the world
better kill me before thenTheHorla,438,Not yet, actually! It's pretty weak right now. My argument is that you're making the same (weak) argument as I am, but to distance yourself from her.
*shrugs* Regardless of how you define the end of RVS, I did not take their posts seriously. I think you are taking some posts that were not meant to be taken seriously far too seriously, and tied yourself up in knots trying to explain them via post modifiers.
I think the majority of players that were on at the time were wrong about that. 
Yes, depending on what you're analyzing? See the comment above about taking things seriously.
Just trying to understand something here. Did you think he was telling the truth that machine forgot to give his alignment, or not?
I understand that! The facts here are clear. But I think your conclusion was wrong, and I find it suspicious that you came to the conclusion that it was a post modifier.MrEevee7,439,sure, but seeing as it is impossible to have mech info atm, i dont see how it could be that.
and not explaining reads, unless youre just being lazy, doesnt help town at all and makes you look like you dont have any actual reasons for them10000 Jelly Doughnuts,440,Except speculating on pms is useless especially for Req because he does make changes and edits to the template all the time.

Heck, he didn't even put a period in my pm, is that scum indicative?

Also Skrim, give your reasons, let's not play this gameSkrimiche,441,booooo

touché

Cj - I quoted the posts that pinged me earlier while I was reading up. I didn't feel like pushing him (I confess to being lazy!), and I switched off to Eevee soon after because that's a vote I have reasons for doing aside from gut.

Eevee - First, I thought Pandas scumslipped about his alignment not being in his pm. This was because i asked Machine earlier if the "village" in the title of my google doc was my alignment (because it wasnt in the contents of the doc), and he confirmed it. But then I thought about it some more, and realized it was more likely that it was just a goof & not an actual scumslip. Eevee pointing out the contradiction with Panda's PM (being on the hypixel forums and not a google doc) seemed townie to me, but his subsequent hounding of Panda afterwards didn't. You can argue that the attempt at gamesolving is townie, but to me, it looked more like scum going after low-hanging fruit.

anyways im dipping to pet some cats and my dog grandson, ciao o/Skrimiche,442,also the reason why i didnt elaborate on the eevee vote was because i wanted to see how he'd react to it & whether or not he'd continue to push pandasAzmimel,443,Are you trying to trick me into actual pm speculating? Either way, it doesn't change my argument. I found him suspicious because he volunteered the information, not because he claimed machine forgot to give him his alignment.

Oh, so you're not as confident as you seem. 
you're right, it probably wasn't meant to be taken seriously. However, that's how I took it at the time, and since I want to defend myself I am attempting to explain my thought process. 
My conclusion wasn’t that he had a post modifier, my conclusion was that something else was going on here. Post modifier was just an example of something else that could’ve been going on. 
HunterC98,444,where was this mindset back when i horsed around with bold talk and ended up getting myself lynched on just talking around?Grones,445,We be halfway to nightfall, best we line up some choice ruffians to walk the plank! 

I wanna see 
Mito
SkrimGrones,446,Gikkle 


Send them all to the plank!Vizier,447,What flavor stinky? Skunk, onion, rotten food?CjBeats,448,
What happened to me oh cap’n my cap’n? doth thou not know your own heart? What a spicy lad you are oh cap’n-Chan to change up so quickly! 

Mistress Skrimiche-kun, I saw thine post about my stinkiness, but alas I do not understand what pinged you about those? Will you enlighten my darling heart?

And to my dearest jelly, I have seen your point! Oh what a wonderful mind you possess!CjBeats,449,MY LOVELY ARRA OH TO SEE THINE FACE FILLS MY HEART WITH SUCH JOY!!

Tell me, my dearest Arra, doth thou have any thoughts?Scythe,450,"Shall I compare thee to a summer day?"
"You're both hot."Vizier,451,
Nothing really rattles around in this dead head of mine, but I figure I can dig something up to support an idea I have.CjBeats,452,Oh superb! I shall await your return with bated breath!Vizier,453,There's. Not a cupid/lovers role in this setup. Right?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,454,Days I wish I had a vig shotVizier,455,



Edit: Posted meme twice.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,456,You are exceptionally wishy-washy.

[Vote]CJ[/Vote]CjBeats,457,You no longer need one, for this comment is already a knife to the heart! Oh what a cruel, black, wicked, twisted, nasty heart you must possess to say such rudeness to one such as me!CjBeats,458,A man merely knows when to change his mind when faced with arguments that make sense! My mind is not fixed, it is open to one’s voices!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,459,Mmmmmhmmm
You're really wishy washy, not changing your mind with good arguments. It's more that anytime anyone puts any push back on your opinions, you drop back. You've done it like 4 times.Vizier,460,

TheHorla,461,I explicitly stated earlier that my scumread of skrim was pretty weak, so my "confidence" is really just a strawman.
No, you're getting paranoid. You assumed that pandas posting "I don't have an alignment" makes him scummy or a jester - what logically follows is that you assumed he was lying about not having an alignment. If you thought he was telling the truth, his statement is obviously NAI, since he made it before he had an alignment!TheHorla,462,There is literally figuratively nothing to use to form a mito read right now.TheHorla,463,Final thought: Grones is funny as heck, but most of his posts substantively add up to "I want to lynch mito and skrim" or "Thoughts?"Grones,464,A used car for your thots?Grones,465,Lies and deception, mutiny! He be a conspirator, I quoted the ruffian.Mitochondria,466,Pi, do you have an argument against me which doesn’t boil down to “oh he TRs me which means he’s scum trying to pocket me”? I’d hope yes if I’m one of your top lynch targets today Red_Pandas,467,I ran out of reactions, expect no communication from me for exactly 24 hoursMitochondria,468,Maybe this post? Idk, I guess I’m biased but I genuinely fail to see how any of this is scummy. First quote was RVS, second was genuine curiosity and trying to spark discussion, third was my read at the time and an attempt to get some non-RVS discussion going. Fourth is setup spec and thus bad, but ehRed_Pandas,469,the rule hasn't changed at all
probably..
we don't know for sureRed_Pandas,470,yeah tbh no ai in thereGrones,471,Yarrr! I be quoting yer crimes! Ye set us off-course with yer insinuation that post mods be alignment indicative/one o'them be scum! Subtle, but powerful derailing! Typical mutineering!MrEevee7,472,Why mito?
This does seem like a bit of an overreaction thoughRed_Pandas,473,trying to find out why you're scum read is not overreactingGrones,474,Arghh! I be explainin meself o'er and o'er!Grones,475,Jelly be sailing under our radar, methinks.Grones,476,[vote] Gikkle [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,477,
"Slipping under radar"
votes gikkle.

also smh at not reading any of my arguments with CJRed_Pandas,478,I really don't get the thread title tbhGrones,479,With respect, ye olde cap'n closes his eyes and scrolls past e'ery word Cj posts10000 Jelly Doughnuts,480,Oh okay, understandable why you missed it and scum read me. Have a nice day.Grones,481,SR ye? Ne'er said that! Don't ye be puttin words in me mouth like some kind o' freshwater tv show hostMrEevee7,482,No, it's not. But he could have awaited groness response instead of writing an essay. I just found it a bit odd is all.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,483,But you do so...Grones,484,Should I? 


Arghhh!Grones,485,But that were me reasoning! He be askin for me reasoning, and found it! This be a weird position to take, Eevee. I'll have ye swabbing decks for a week for this!Skrimiche,486,good news: the cats like me
bad news: im allergic to catsSkrimiche,487,onions are divine you take that back

sure, gimme a min

ahaha yeah ive never done that as town myself ahahaha
ahaha
aha10000 Jelly Doughnuts,488,Yes. Go on!MrEevee7,489,Well since he clearly wasn't satisfied with the reasoning id expect him to not say anything about it then attack you if thats all you said it was in case there were more reasoningGrones,490,So ye admit to being a scalleywag?!Grones,491,Why would he say nothing? Is he a mute? A dumb landlubber? No, he be a tricksy siren, speech be his gift.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,492,Yes

(I shouldn't have to do the joke here but I will)MrEevee7,493,So that he makes sure he doesn't attack you needlessly..? It's what i would do at leastGrones,494,Why would he be wary o'attacking me "needlessly"? He be scared o' me?Grones,495,This be no laughing matter!Skrimiche,496,On second thought, I agree with Cj on this? Whoops. Not sure why I thought it felt wrong. Might've been the "subjective" bit triggering a primal response in me.

The only thing he questioned from that list (Azmimel scumreading me/Gikkle + townreading Hunter/Panda/Cj) was the scumread on me, which is strange. I'm not sure why he would pick to exclusively focus on me there.

(Context: Grones offers me & Gikkle as lynch candidates, then votes Gikkle, then 2 posts after voting Gikkle tells Cj to stop discussing role PMs because it's derailing the thread*, then 2 posts after that votes Cj.
*@Grones did I get that right? Just wanna make sure I'm understanding the pirate lingo. :3)

I was going to say: "Cj shouldn't be calling out others for being wishy-washy when he's been doing it himself", but when I looked back at the actual posts I had in mind from him, I actually think the progression might be natural? He basically went through the same "Panda scumslipped" --> "Panda/Machine just goofed up" thought process as me, although he stayed at Stage #1 of that longer than I did.


Spoiler: Cj posts












@Gikkle what do you make of this^? My confidence is shattered and my night is ruined. :<Skrimiche,497,@ the cj debacle: im gonna sleep on it
and by sleep on it i mean im gonna forget about it until i remember that im playing in this game tomorrow and check the thread
o/Grones,498,Man, I have no idea, I, myself, lose half the meaning while typing up these posts

ARrghh I mean, ye be right on the trrrrreasure lass!HunterC98,499,isee that we have made a lovely circle of conversation....right where we started 'n such...10000 Jelly Doughnuts,500,You missed how he said I was scummy and then I gave a single response and he decided that was okay.

Hmmm. I don’t have an opinion on mark right now and that concerns me.Red_Pandas,501,very relatableTheHorla,502,I don't actually believe this, fyiTheHorla,503,Day 1 Votecount:
(2) nolynch: Gikkle, HunterC98
(2) cjbeats: 10000 Jelly Doughnuts, Red_Pandas
(2) gikkle: Azmimel, Grones
(1) mreevee7: Skrimiche
(1) chucklenuts: DAREALMoneyMan
(1) mitochondria: Mitochondria
(1) thehorla: Vizier
(3) Not voting: TheHorla, MrEevee7, CjBeats

You can view this votecount and all previous votecounts in the #votecounts channel in Discord.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,504,You can not believe it. I am saying this because as of this moment, it's true.

I'll go through your posts and see what I think after that.MrEevee7,505,[vote] gikkle [/vote]
@GikkleGrones,506,Argh! Well I don't be believing yer disbelief!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,507,

Spoiler: Mark's posts






PREGAME ^
---






























I think these are all of mark's post, did it by hand though so possible I missed one. Going to do a little step by step and assign arbitrary points to each post. These points add up to a fake final score that is entirely real and will determine my read.

Which will come in the next post so I can actually click on the quotes and read them as I'm drafting my response.
---

EDIT: hopefully fixed spoilers
EDIT 2: hopefully fixed spoilers?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,508,The first quarter of the day was rather weak until Mark enters in with his Pandas post, providing evidence to a joke gone awry. Nothing about the post is outstanding towny or scummy wise, although at the time it may have looked as a controversial opinion because of how everyone seemed to be whipped up into a frenzy about Pandas 'scum slip'
+1 Town Points

Asks about Pi pressuring eevee, which is incredibly NAI.

Goes back on his eevee read and admits it's impulsive, agreeing with mito. This I think marks the real end of the Eevee Pandas debate, although people would later also enforce their opinions on it.+1 Town points for admitting fault.

Dislikes a no-lynch, especially honing in on Azimel when at the time there were 4 people actually on the no-lynch train, asking none of them! I'm hesitant to call it tunneling, because it's not quite as aggressive as that, but in a couple posts down still thinks scum team could consist of Azimel, focusing on several things like Azimel considering Pandas to be jester. However, in the thread there were a fair amount of people considering jester as an option, why did Mark latch onto Azimel's posts about that and call it scummy? I feel as if there is some minor tunneling or busing here. +1 Scum points.

(Although looking at skrim's posts, they are rather weak in general, not providing reasoning until after someone calls her out on it bugs me as disinterested at the least and scummy at the most. Either way, NOT GOOD)

Mark continues to attack Azimel for things that other people did as well. +1 scum points. (Half the game was PM/setup speculating. Off the top of my head, Skrim and I did.)

Azimel sets up strawman; the argument continues. I'm now more leaning towards T/S or even T/T. I doubt S/S would use such terrible pushes to bus, and both Azimel and Mark would be fairly coordinated and careful on a bus if this were the case.

Final post is IIoA, heistant to assign scum or town intent to it, but I would argue that seems fairly out of character for him.

Final Score: 2 town points, 2 scum. An Azimel flip would be extremely helpful for resolving Mark; I think. If Az flips scum, Mark's a god-tier townie, because I don't see bussing in this scenario. If Az flips town, I'd hit mark with an investigative or a lynch.

Anyway, my thoughts on Mark. Minor ones on other people that have slipped under my radar.

---
Vizier (Arra): The vibes he gives off seem like someone rusty at mafia, not new. He has played in a couple minis here, but not ones that would justify his knowledge and apparent paranoia about lovers/cupid. I am extremely hesitant to say 'coaching' because that A: make me look like a jerk, and B: has bitten me on the butt of course. It's possible he researched and gained knowledge, and I think that my initial paranoia of 'COACHING?!!?!1!' is unfounded. Slight TR.

Hunter: TR. I have no idea how much Hunter has played before, but I'll assume he's new. He seems townie overwhelmed with learning the game. I think scum would provide more guidance in scum chat if he had rolled wolf. Of course, if Hunter does flip wolf, I think we can assume that wolves are inactive. 

Pi: Pi's town. I just feel it. Gut reasoning is of course bad, but he's acting like he does as town. 

Eevee: I think Eevee is a slight town lean for me, his confusion earlier with Pandas feels genuine. Also I don't think scum eevee naked votes like town does.HunterC98,509,If its anything worth mentioning, I was also aware of a Lovers style of role by Youtube....so that is a full possibilities.Gikkle,510,I'm not sure why you're tagging me specifically when I haven't really interacted with Cj but whatever

Also not sure if you are asking what I think of what you're saying about him or Cj in general

Your analysis is weird
One of your posts is like, why not just ask him why he picked the SR on you out of the others to question. Why make this statement without first asking Cj? Unless you did and I missed it...

I'm not too sure what the point of this analysis is if your conclusion is just "he might be town". Did you have some kind of big SR on him or something and this was supposed to be what made you turn around on that? I don't quite understand why you'd do an analysis on someone and just come up with "his progression MIGHT be natural", unless you strongly SRed them, but I don't see a reason why you would this early. 

Is this supposed to be some kind of test? I genuinely don't understand why you would make this post and not come up with a better conclusion than this.

My opinion on Cj? Idk, I haven't bothered trying to read him. Only people I've formed reads on are Mark(TR), Mito(LTR), Pandas(TR), and Eevee(LSR). Maybe someone else I've forgotten about, idk.Gikkle,511,How come you can't delete post drafts anymore :/Skrimiche,512,i did? p sure i only did it for like 2 posts before realizing it was a dead end

what other info would an azmimel flip give?

because i love you

i
...
hey @CjBeats why did you pick out the SR on me out of the others to question

i thought i had a (lightish?) scumread on him but then i lost confidence in it when i went to look at the posts that pinged me

gosh gikkle dont make me spell it out
it's 'cause im baaad ( ༎ຶ ۝ ༎ຶ )Red_Pandas,513,feeling good, might make 1 singular readGikkle,514,w.shoot Skrimiche
Mmm
Alright
What's your current read on Cj now then? Null? Light TR?
Sorry Red_Pandas,515,what do this meanGikkle,516,Information instead of analysisRed_Pandas,517,well I managed to read an entire ISO without forming any opinions at all
10000 Jelly Doughnuts,518,Information on Pandas. If Azimel flips scum, I'd say its safe to assume Pandas isn't scum.
That happens sometimes :/Skrimiche,519,if 1 is town and 10 is scum, then he's at about a 6Grones,520,Who ye ruffians be lynching?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,521,I'd be fine with a CJ or Azimel lynch for reasons stated somewhere in the thread.

Or you for the memes.HunterC98,522,about 6 hours till the notalynch happens, if someone is intent on going in the gallows, time is a running out..Gikkle,523,I think I'm top wagon rn
idek whyTheHorla,524,Why does gikkle have votes lolHunterC98,525,Oh? Welp, guess the gallows will be claiming a soul.....less folks wise up.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,526,Agreed, looks like some of them are for no reason lolRed_Pandas,527,[unvote][/unvote]TheHorla,528,Really don't understand the case against gikkle (literally none of his posts have registered with me.) Reading back, but until then [vote]No lynch[/vote]HunterC98,529,all i have on Gikkle so far is some very brazen remarks that honestly read as trying to bluff about an assigned role, and as much as i actually wanna vote for him..it just doesnt seem worth lynching in my eyes..Skrimiche,530,not me? ;O

also what
people are voting gikkle?HunterC98,531,A handful are, but right now looks like No lynch is winning.Grones,532,Yarrr! no lynching be a funny!

[vote] no lynch [/vote]TheHorla,533,You going to explain why you were originally on the gikkle wagon and are now switching off?TheHorla,534,Day 1 Votecount:
(4) nolynch: Gikkle, Grones, TheHorla, HunterC98
(1) cjbeats: 10000 Jelly Doughnuts
(2) gikkle: Azmimel, MrEevee7
(1) mreevee7: Skrimiche
(1) chucklenuts: DAREALMoneyMan
(1) mitochondria: Mitochondria
(1) thehorla: Vizier
(2) Not voting: Red_Pandas, CjBeats
The next votecount will be processed in 0.5 hours. You can view this votecount and all previous votecounts in the #votecounts channel in Discord.Grones,535,Methinks he be conspirators along the vile Skrimiche. Their RVS be more rotton than a landlubber's body left at sea.Grones,536,I be opposed to sendin ol' sailor Azimel down ye plankGrones,537,Both o' these 'ere sailors be experienced voyagers. They be from Port Chucklefish. 

Methinks yer Arra read be mighty suspiciousitious, on me grandmother's warts! Ye say ye be disregardin yer paranoia and yer seasickness, an' then ye reckon 'im a loyal sailor. If ye aint factorin in no coaching, none o'that, then what have ye to base yer read o'him? Ye mention but nothin else!TheHorla,538,Expand on this please?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,539,Why?
Yea but if someone starts playing mafia again after a break, it takes them a bit to get in the groove of things.
Also arra’s posted like 15 times, most of them being memes, calm a bit down in asking for a surefire read. I saw one post that was weird and then discounted it when I was being unreasonable.MrEevee7,540,[unvote] [/unvote]MrEevee7,541,Why are we no lynching..?Grones,542,Then why ye be readin 'im as a loyal sailor, instead o' null?Grones,543,erybody be voting Skrimiche off the plank early, an' Gikkle be mighty strange when he be doing it.


These posts be soundin' the bells o' enemy fire, methinks.

Voyagin on, he be letting out mysterious words

An' with no explanation o'er th'horizon

He be a dangerous pirate, methinksAzmimel,544,Reading up right now. One of us should be on for EoD.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,545,I said slight town read. Like so slight it nearly doesn’t matter.Grones,546,Hmmmmmm
Arrrrrrr ye suuurrrre 'bout that? Ye clearrrrly considered it important enough t'include in yer listAzmimel,547,[unvote][/unvote]

I didn't vote at all yesterday, so I'm almost certain that the Gikkle vote is from RVS.



I logged on a couple of minutes after he posted claiming mafia. I think the above is my first post of the day.I guessed this was a ploy by him to get voted, and that sharing the information about his PM was another way to make himself suspicious. It didn't matter to my argument that was he said was the truth or not, what mattered is that he decided to share it with us.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,548,I literally said above it: people who have been slipping under my radar. Smh illiterate pirate.Grones,549,Hmrrrrrr
Arghhhh
I be keepin me good eye on ye, tricksy sea dogRorschach,550,Guys remember to submit your flavors for game B, EOD is coming up and so is the deadline for that. Please submit it in your game B folder excel if possible, that automates things and makes the turnaround a lot quicker.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,551,Oh. Yea I should do that.DAREALMoneyMan,552,Just read and up and things. Not going to bother to give reads on people I didn't pay attention to. Even though I have done it in the past, I am disappointed people aren't following up on stuff they think is scummy just because jester is possible in this game. You guys are better than me!

Azmimel thingy



Spoiler: Full ISO




























































Spoiler: Notable Posts




Reported for bad takes. You are trying to rationalize his scummy behavior via "oh maybe post modifier!" 
I'd like to mention that I didn't find what Panda said about his pm not including his faction was scummy! If it was true, I feel like the other scum mates would notice, given the team follows the typical 1:4 ratio, they were missing someone. Back on topic, if you say he was being so scummy (even if obvious), why are you attempting to find an excuse for him (oh, he is probably Jester, or has a post modifier). Just because it is possible in the game does not mean you value it over dayplay. ALSO, a post modifier making you act scummy is stupid and I don't see Machine adding it. You could then chalk off all scummy behaviors to the modifier.
Because it was a joke? He was making light of the situtation?
Take note for later (referring to Panda).
It is always RVS for Panda (but I agree we shouldn't pass things off just because they say "oH it was RVS!"). You say here that you don't think he is towny, and referring to above post you said he was either village idiot or neutral. Thus, you think he is neutral in your own words. If you really thought he was neutral, why aren't you trying to see what type of neutral he is or voting him!
Town points here.

I have done this along with many other people in many other games. It is an obvious joke I:
NAI!! I don't think admitting that you made a boo boo is alignment indicative.
Refer to the post above x2
Well I don't think he really needed to say it was a joke considering it was obvious.
Too lazy to see what you are responding to here :/
Already said why this is stupid!



[vote]Azmimel[/vote]

I am also suspicious of Cj and Panda but I have other things to do. Like Bike. And Eat. And SleepDAREALMoneyMan,553,Also Mark you should give me the ISO bot!TheHorla,554,I am too tired to keep arguing here but this is another strawman. I am saying that if panda did not know his alignment, then him posting "I don't have an alignment" is obviously NAI. If you think he is lying for some reason, that is a different argument (and closer to the one you made.) When reading pandas, it matters what you thought his PM read; that is why I said you were speculating about his PM.Rorschach,555,Ryast has the ISO bot, not Mark.TheHorla,556,Ryast posted a link in #announcementsSkrimiche,557,why me owo
your post elaborating on this only had gikkle quotes

do you think azmimel & pandas are on the same scumteam or different scum alignmentsGrones,558,Gikkle be voting ye, then he be opposed t'me voting ye. It be worrying, like an ill tide.MrEevee7,559,Is there a reason were no lynching..?HunterC98,560,cause most everyone who was willing to lynch has either no voted or unvoted.Grones,561,Nightfall be in 10 minutesGrones,562,Arrrr! I be wrrrrrong! 50 minutes!Red_Pandas,563,[vote] no-lynch [/vote]
why notGrones,564,[vote] panda [/vote] 
I be a wacky pirateSkrimiche,565,bruh you made me panicHunterC98,566,I made myself panic..i thought i missed it.Skrimiche,567,[vote]no-lynch[/vote]Mitochondria,568,Refuse to vote for a D1 no lynch on principle so uh

[vote] Skrim [/vote]Mitochondria,569,Actually nah, I think Skrim's fine

[vote] Gikkle [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,570,Why Gikkle?Gikkle,571,i'm a good boi
I just like human flesh, nothing wrong with thatMitochondria,572,Bad gut feel, didn't do much of anything today, no other targets I feel strongly about right now.Mitochondria,573,Actually that's a lie, my pet theory is that Pi's scum but y'all ain't ready for that discussion yetDAREALMoneyMan,574,SameDAREALMoneyMan,575,Wait- why are we no lynching? Meh.Grones,576,I'lla turn'a you into'a pasta lasagna mama miaHunterC98,577,captain....who is this italian dude?TheHorla,578,Oh I'm ready for that discussion!


Re: today's lynch, fine with no lynch since the gikkle wagon is really weak and I'm not confident in anyone else (even azmimel) to eliminate.Rorschach,579,Esther is wheeled into the large room by a rather tall butler fellow, his tailcoats hovering so as not to touch the floor, and he carefully unfolds a little table and places it in the center of the room.

"You really chose not to lynch anyone?" Esther says distastefully, her eyes narrowing, eyelids you never knew were there stretching to do so. "You are all fools. You have one minute to kill someone. Or else." She says, as the butler places a large shotgun on the table. 

The first player to reply to this post with [SHOOT] @Player [/SHOOT] will take the gun and kill the player they tag.Grones,580,Who arrrrrre ye an' what ye done to th'real MarkTheHorla,581,Ever since gikkle and I got stats on our D1 lynch record, I've come around pretty hard in favour of D1 no-lynching when we have zero clue what to do. We used to NL all the time (and had a decent track record back then) - we should revive the practice!Grones,582,ARGHHH NOBODY TAKE TH'GUNGrones,583,IF ANY O' YE USE TH'GUN I BE HUNTIN' FOR YE TILL THE END O' ME DAYSRorschach,584,"Well? I'm waiting. If you do not do it, I will kill three of you where you stand." Esther says tersely.Gikkle,585,[SHOOT]@Rorschach[/SHOOT]TheHorla,586,Yeah, anyone who uses this gun without discussion gets lynched today.Grones,587,AAAAAAAAAADAREALMoneyMan,588,Can we kill Azmel Grones,589,AAAAAAAAAARRRDAREALMoneyMan,590,WE NEED TO CHOOSE SOMEONE OR 3 MORE DIE - I DON'T WANT TO DIEETheHorla,591,Everyone, relax. 

If machine wants us to lynch someone, then we'll do it. Do not shoot.Gikkle,592,kinda wanna shoot skrim... Not for any good reason, I've just always wanted to do it in a proper mafia game instead of a wolfia game...DAREALMoneyMan,593,but what if I shot scum :>Rorschach,594,There is no Rorschach in the game.Grones,595,How about I shoot ye, ye scalleywagGikkle,596,what happens if I shoot myselfDAREALMoneyMan,597,guys there is 1 minute until eod so we dont have time to change the wagon from no lynchGrones,598,RIP 3 people arrrrrghDAREALMoneyMan,599,I rather that then 3 random people dyingGikkle,600,[SHOOT]@Gikkle[/SHOOT]

LETS GOOORorschach,601,You lose the game if you shoot yourself.

EOD was 15 minute ago. Welcome to twilight.Grones,602,NOOOOOOOO ARGHHHGikkle,603,Great!Rorschach,604,Action not submitted properly.Grones,605,[shoot]@Mitochondria[/shoot]
GIKKLE WHY ARGHHHDAREALMoneyMan,606,WHY10000 Jelly Doughnuts,607,oh shoot, no pun intended.Gikkle,608,[SHOOT] @Gikkle [/SHOOT]DAREALMoneyMan,609,watch as mito is scum though lmaoGrones,610,I BE SO CONFUSED HELP MEEEEEGrones,611,NO 
ARGHHH STOP WHYYYYGikkle,612,You didn't do it correctly either, you fool!

SEE Y'ALL IN THE AFTERLIFE

IT'S BETTER THAN SLOWLY WALKING FOR ETERNITY TOWARDS MY ROOMDAREALMoneyMan,613,why has my post count in twilight been triple than that of dayGrones,614,[SHOOT] @Mitochondria [/SHOOT]

Arghhh! TAKE MINE NOT GIKKLE I BE THE CAP'NTheHorla,615,...Grones,616,MITO BE SCUM YARR HARR HARRGrones,617,Arghhh I be blamin' Gikkle 
He be an agent o' chaos, a bombardier10000 Jelly Doughnuts,618,What the heck was that?1Grones,619,GIKKLE BE TOWN IF HE BE SHOOTIN' 'IMSELF 

I BE SAVIN A LOYAL SAILOR ABOARD THIS VESSEL10000 Jelly Doughnuts,620,I meant with mito, but honestly thanks for the explanation for town gikkle too?TheHorla,621,gikkle is town right lol

like

there's no wayRorschach,622,
Gikkle and Grones rush for the gun, however, Grones is just a bit faster, pulling the gun out and aiming it at @Mitochondria.

The gun explodes in his face, and @Grones topples to the ground.






"That's better." Esther says. "Perhaps this will teach the rest of you to be more decisive." She says, gesturing as the butler wheels her out of the room, picking up the gun from the corpse of Grones as they pass.

Day 1 has ended.Gikkle,623,I have a thick shell skull, I can take it!Grones,624,If Gikkle be shootin' 'imself, he be violatin' the CODE! He be breakin 'is wincon, so the 'eavens be strikin 'im down in MODKILL

but he be shootin' 'imself

a negative times a negative be a positive YARRRRR 

HE LIVES!
@Rorschach LET 'IM LIVEGikkle,625,c'mon man!TheHorla,626,jfcGrones,627,????
GIKKLE BE FIRST YARRRRAzmimel,628,EXCUSE ME 

wtfGrones,629,@Rorschach Gikkle actually shot and formatted correctly before me, though.Gikkle,630,I am canonically the slowest person in this game. I will probably not make it to my room until September/October.DAREALMoneyMan,631,no role flip?Gikkle,632,^ this

I shot myself fair and square! Let it happen!Grones,633,day is over no more discussion!!!!Rorschach,634,Night has started. No further game discussion is allowed. I did not make any errors.Rorschach,635,Forgot to add the song to the Start of Night Post.
Updated.Grones,636,@Rorschach title btwRorschach,637,As you all begin to enter the main dining area for breakfast, you recognize an old, surprisingly not dead face. @Grones was fortunate, and the gunshot blast was not fatal. On the other hand... @MrEevee7 will not be joining you. Not only are both of his left legs missing, but he is in fact, dead. The poor centaur.

The stench of death is strong. There's a raven sitting on the tables. Dead. A nametag on it indicates that its name was "Clive."
A note from Esther sits with it. "Don't disappoint me today. Or I will make sure you are disappointed in yourselves."



Spoiler: MrEevee7 Flip



Virgil the Centaur, the Village Lie Detecting Oracular Vigilante



I hope you enjoy your breakfast as the sun rises...

Day will end at 4:30 PM EST on Sunday, August 8th, with a Twilight of 1.5 hours.Skrimiche,638,uh ohhhhRed_Pandas,639,that seems that it would be powerfulGikkle,640,I've totally forgotten basically everything that happened in this game

Who did we suspect again? Mito?Azmine,641,Pi, did anything happen while you were "dead"Azmimel,642,you’re on the wrong accountAzmimel,643,Wow that's crazyHunterC98,644,Oh captain my captain, are you still alive?TheHorla,645,How does Oracular work?Red_Pandas,646,by miracle, probably caused by him being coolRorschach,647,Ask question, receive answer.TheHorla,648,Was the scope of the questions limited in any way?Rorschach,649,
HunterC98,650,Answer it NOBALLSGikkle,651,Isoing myself to jog my memory as to what has happened


Spoiler: my posts












































Gikkle,652,Mark/Pandas/Grones I guess are my TRs for today? Idk I'm going with my past self

I also apparently TRed Mito but idk whyGikkle,653,ISOing Eevee for nk analysis purposes


Spoiler: Eevee ISO






























Gikkle,654,Eevee's main contribution was pushing Pandas
Some shade thrown on Mito at some point too but nothing significantGikkle,655,[VOTE]Pandas[/VOTE]

carrying on my boy eevee's legacy!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,656,The pandas argument isn't really strong at all. I wouldn't think mafia would go and try to frame Pandas by killing eevee when the read was mediocre.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,657,I'm honestly confused about the NK in general. Eevee is usually lynchbait, not a NK. What is mafia doing?Gikkle,658,Doesn't your second sentence support the pandas argument
They aren't gonna be trying to frame him, so the only real reason to kill Eevee is to silence him if pandas is scumGikkle,659,In what game was eevee killed n1 because mafia was purposefully doing weird kills
Can anyone remind meMitochondria,660,I'm gonna be honest, I forgot everything that was happening in this game

Big wtf to Pi for trying to kill me when I wasn't on at the very end of the last day phase, not a fan of that play at all. Personal feelings about getting merc'd aside, it was super impulsive and, imo, big scum energy to make a move like that.Grones,661,I lived *****Grones,662,Yarrr ye be scumGrones,663,No yarrrrrGrones,664,It was be to save Gikkle and 3 townies yarrrr

Ye be scumAzmimel,665,Any thoughts beyond thatGrones,666,The mutineers be cowards n killed a sailor who ne'er voted a soul. We be hardp'essed t'read this 'ere kill.Grones,667,He be scum
I be a soulreadin cap'nTheHorla,668,I am backAzmimel,669,I mean you soulread jelly last game so I'm almost inclined to believe you.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,670,Ah. Yea. Whoops. Sorry. Yea. That's what I mean.Rorschach,671,Hi back, I'm dad.Red_Pandas,672,Ngl I would probably be the mafia member that would be the most sacrifice-able
I don't think mafia would want to keep ,me alone so much they kill eevee just for having a slight scum read on me
if I had a powerful role maybe
but I dont think that would be the entire reason the kill happenedAzmimel,673,This post reeks of town idkGrones,674,Mafia most likely be lookin at votes
Eevee be a no-voter
they be killin 'imTheHorla,675,Sorry just quoting this post as a test10000 Jelly Doughnuts,676,What do you mean?Azmimel,677,Why would they want to kill a novoter?Grones,678,Mafia be wishin' t'lay low. They be murderin' sailors who 'ave no strong reads. Eevee ended day on no vote, yarrr!Grones,679,This be no hypothetical. Look'er at the vote counts, ye scalleywag. Eevee be never votin.Azmimel,680,Yes, but what's your pointCjBeats,681,Did not most of the lads and ladies within this establishment either not vote or vote for a no-lynch? I do not think voting is the right way to look at this.Grones,682,-_-
Ye be intentionally obtuse, yarrrrAzmimel,683,Probably, it's kinda lateGrones,684,The laws o' this ship, the Game C, be dictatin' that any sailor that be killed, be a loser. If ye wish to win this 'ere voyage, ye live. The wincons be different, and we be no-lynchin'.Red_Pandas,685,why?Red_Pandas,686,I didn't post yesterday when I first read stuff but Gikkle's vote on me purely off of continuing Eevee's legacy
it just doesn't seem like something a town would actually doRed_Pandas,687,I like azmimels posts tbhRed_Pandas,688,It feels like Eevee was pretty controversial yesterday and slightly scum read so I'm confused on why scum decided to kill EeveeRed_Pandas,689,sorry for the quintuple post O_O

I kiiiind of don't like Skrim's posts, but not enough to feel like it deserves a scumread
I think I need some others thoughts for this read
what do y'all think of Skrim?Grones,690,Ye be right, we be sendin her off the plank10000 Jelly Doughnuts,691,What’s up with Skrim?Grones,692,/shrug
YarrCjBeats,693,/shrug?Red_Pandas,694,I was thinking something a bit more specific but I guess that worksGrones,695,I be messin' with Pandas
He may be a mutineer, methinks 
"Skrimiche should die maybe? Thoughts?" 
Be the mutineer words.Red_Pandas,696,that is an extreme misinterpretation of my words, captain.Grones,697,A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P 
a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p 


yarr!Grones,698,YarrrRed_Pandas,699,yeah but then that makes it confusing to quoteGikkle,700,who da heck tripped over me last nightGikkle,701,@Red_Pandas what are your reads?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,702,Was that you lol?CjBeats,703,What doth thou mean trip?Skrimiche,704,you forgot why you scumread me, didnt youGikkle,705,was it you, Jelly?!! Very rude!CjBeats,706,Pwease Gikkle wikkle, expwain to wittle ole me.Gikkle,707,someone tripped over me CjBeats,708,I do not understand.Gikkle,709,you don't need to.CjBeats,710,HmmGrones,711,Yarrrr, I be questionin' the importance o' this voyage 

I propose a nolynch again! Yarrr!
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Gikkle,712,can't believe mafia chose eevee to lose first
they must hate eevee personally, since he wasn't even that big of a voice
wow mafia, so rude10000 Jelly Doughnuts,713,Look, I didn't mean to.Gikkle,714,I also got a pillow last night, thanks to whoever gave that to me. much comfy.Red_Pandas,715,any apparent consequences or effects?
Almost no reads tbh, but so far Pi TR and Azmimel slight tr
Pi we have to get flip info at SOME point
Agreed
any effects?Azmimel,716,Not a single sr?Red_Pandas,717,Nope, not one!Red_Pandas,718,Money has barely posted and the only post he seemed to put effort into is just weak arguments against already weak-ish points
it's not like bad-bad so I'm not sure if it is enough to make me feel like a possible S!Money or not
but it is thereRed_Pandas,719,this isn't responding to Azmimel's question, this is cause I JUST looked at Money's postsGikkle,720,who we killinTheHorla,721,[vote]Grones[/vote]

Still very loopy right now, but my reasoning right now is something like this:
- voting no lynch on D1 is an actually sound idea, but voting no lynch on D2 is bad
- him picking up the gun and shooting mito was actually really scummy
- gonna say that still being alive after being blown up is kinda scummy, despite his (feigned?) surprise todayTheHorla,722,The flip side of this argument, though, is that shooting another player is a better play than shooting yourself. Obviously what gikkle did was super townie, but he had a 100% chance of killing town; from town-pi's perspective, he had a 1/4 chance of hitting scum, which is better odds than gikkle's play.

The other tinfoil theory is that gikkle is scum, knew the thing was harmless, and shot himself for town points, but that strikes me as super unlikely.

Still overall, decent scumread on grones for now; I'll keep my vote here for now.Red_Pandas,723,I have no ideaRed_Pandas,724,The forced killing at EoD had almost no hints beforehand possibly revealing it, Mafia would almost never know whether it was real/fake unless Esther (or whoever the person was, I think thats who) is working with the mafia.
I feel like Gikkle self-shot would be extremely risky of a play from scum so that makes me feel like it was a town move.
I would have to check back but if Pi had an SR on Mito it can make sense from a town PoV
however from what I remember, and saw from reading back for reads, Mito wasn't his strongest SR at least from appearance, as compared to people like Skrim and Gikkle (iirc)

Decent point though overall, I didn't do much speculating on pi's shots so this could be a very possible thing
This also makes sense
also I keep forgetting that pi got blown up by itharass,725,never knew a new mafia game was going on
/backupTheHorla,726,I mean, I don't want to speculate too much since there's just a chance the thing was harmless for anyone. But it's a big ??? why he's still here

I also have some thoughts about his actual reads but I really need sleep, I'll post them asap tomorrow; hopefully we can get decent discussion in the last 12ish hours or so and get a decent lynchTheHorla,727,Oh yeah I forgot lol

Grones is voting no lynch even after what happened yesterday

Machine sent a clear message that no lynches -> bad, and grones is basically going "yeah let's touch that hot poker again yarrrr"Grones,728,I be forgivin Mark's votes o' me since he be dyin' and recoverin', from his landlubber vaccine.Grones,729,Also, Mito be scum.CjBeats,730,Then why not vote him instead of a no lynch?Red_Pandas,731,[VOTE] Grones [/VOTE] igGrones,732,Pandas and Mito be scum, methinks

Panda be a timid scum, he be saying this





He never be taking strong stances aboard his vessel. He be test th'waters, lookin' through a glass t'see if fellow mutineers be with 'im. 

Mito/Panda/Someone else 
Mutineerers! 

[vote] Panda [/vote]Red_Pandas,733,I never have strong stances on anything in mafia
this isnt a new thingGrones,734,Maybe so, but ye be testin' th'water to mislynch POOR SKRIMICHE YARRRRRRed_Pandas,735,"I kiiiind of don't like Skrim's posts, but not enough to feel like it deserves a scumread"
as in
"I don't have a Skrim SR because their posts aren't quite bad enough"
also don't you have a Skrim SR?Grones,736,No, I be spurrin ye on t'see what ye do
I be naked votin Skrimiche, and ye went "ok cool". That be tellin' me ye perfectly good with her bein' thrown o'erboard. If ye didn't SR her, why ye be sayin:
Hmmm? 
Yerrrrrr a scum one! Mr Grinch!Red_Pandas,737,I was trying to say "maybe elaborate on why"
worded in a passive-aggressive kind of wayGikkle,738,Why are y'all voting Grones10000 Jelly Doughnuts,739,Money's busy rn.

Pandas reads are a bit sheepish imo, I could see a scum pandas. Placeholder vote, so I don’t get punished if I didn’t vote.

Sorry, busy today. Might be on before EOD but I don’t see it. 

[Vote]Pandas[/Vote]TheHorla,740,I actually agree on the pandas read but why is Mito scum lolGrones,741,Gut and this post
YarrrrTheHorla,742,I'm a bit more sane now fyi

It's kinda suspicious that jelly is parroting pi's vote JUST as I vote grones, which I did not expect

So I see sorta two possible scum teams: pandas/azmine or jelly/piTheHorla,743,That post is fine? I would scumread you if you shot me. And Mito has barely done anything so no idea how you can have a gut read on them in any direction.Grones,744,One death wasn't enough for these mutineer traitors yarrrGrones,745,T H E G U T 

Y A R RRed_Pandas,746,Mark made some posts about it
who am I sheeping with my votes though?
that post is fine?
gut is not enough hereRed_Pandas,747,with my reads*Red_Pandas,748,im pretty sure all my reads are original except the Pi read which ofc is because of markTheHorla,749,Yeah pandas is wheeling votes iirc, he's just being super underconfidentGikkle,750,Oh wait people only lose the game when they are lynched? Not when nked I guess according to the wording of the ruleTheHorla,751,Should read "isn't sheeping"Gikkle,752,Spring has sprung?Azmimel,753,S-Skrim is scum?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,754,Okay on lunch (not lynch, phone) break. Let me explain my pandas read, because I didn’t even see pi’s post really in depth.

Pandas feels noncommittal in any of his reads, which isn’t AI in itself, but then he asks about Cash. Cash, who is out of the game entirely rn, has been immune to lynches and what not afaik, and tries to get suspicion on him. That’s something pretty hard to miss, and I feel like pandas is trying to make a distraction somehow. Therefore scum.

Pi’s scummy too imo, but I have that weird feeling he could be jester and hope someone would be kind enough to kill him.Azmimel,755,oh we’re doing this again, are we?Azmimel,756,From machine on the discord

"
@Player i am making the executive decision to extend day 24 hours due to some housekeeping issues I need to deal with potentially preventing me from having internet during day end.

Day will now end at 4:45 on Monday, with a twilight of 1.5 hours. 

Game B will start 15 minutes after twilight ends in games A&C.
"Mitochondria,757,[vote] Pi [/vote]

Barring a dramatic new development, my vote's probably not moving. Mark kinda stole my thunder, but here are the main reason's Pi's probably scum:
-Again, the gun play was terrible. I'm biased, yeah, but I've never been in a situation where someone's been killed right at EoD when they can't defend themselves by town. Huge town points for Gikkle for his response; Gikkle, if you're scum then congrats, you pocketted me.

-Voting for someone immediately after Mark called him out for no lynching is a bad look imo. I also think it's odd he went for Pandas instead of me (and the no lynch instead of me yesterday) considering half his posts are about he soulreads me as scum. Why is he shading me (and trying to daykill me lol) instead of getting a wagon going?

-As I said yesterday, Pi's D1 play was blegh. I can go back through the posts and find examples of all these things if anyone really wants, but I remember disliking how much he was/is controlling the thread and discussion (shooting down discussion topics he didn't like, e.g. some CJ/Jelly (?) argument from yesterday, trying to railroad my death at EoD yesterday, etc.). My pet theory is that the pirate modifier's faked so he can seem more entertaining (thus more townie) and get away with having leaps in logic by blaming misinterpretations of his post on the modifier.

Unrelated question but @Gikkle was your human flesh problem resolved last night?Grones,758,Machine be threatenin t'kill 3 people. Gikkle conftown. You? Probably scum. Yarrrr it be the best play aboard the vessel


Gettin' ye lynched be a fool's errand. easier t'get yer fellow mutineer.



Idk what this be meanin' so I be ignorin' it.

I be willin' t'hop off th'plank, but absolutely kill Mito and Panda after I flip Town yarrrr harrrGrones,759,This lynch o'me be very strrrrange. Scum motivated, obviously. Mito and Panda be needin' t'die, ye landlubbers'll see. Yarrrrrr

Last scum (if there) be unknown t'me.Grones,760,NoGrones,761,My role be verrrrrrry scummy so I be not claimin even if I be fixin' t'die. If I die, I die. I won't be winnin even if town be winnin' but I be biased, anywhoo, so do be sendin Mito and Panda off th'boat when I be gone.

Rid me o'this cursed post modifier
[vote] Panda [/vote]Red_Pandas,762,When did I ask about cash
the person I actually asked about was Skrim, Cash is just the one who I have the least of a read on out of the players I've looked at.
I actually have been forgetting that Cash is immune to stuff, but I don't even want to Lynch them so that shouldn't even matter right now
Don't use the extremely slim possibility of a jester to avoid a Lynch on them
If you could explain why he's more scummy then you that would be great
If you think there are 2 scum you know of it shouldn't matter much who you decide to kill
this doesn't make sense from town
What is this
Bad
ScummyRed_Pandas,763,Anyone else find it extremely weird that Gikkle is just now theorizing about this, instead of on day 1?

(also just noticed @Rorschach thread title is incorrect I think)Grones,764,I don't really wanna reply to this bc none of the things you said mean anything
I feel like youre purposefully misunderstanding my posts or just asking questions to appear like you're open to changing your mind, when you really just want a mislynch.

Anyways, imma dip for rest of day because I don't really understand what game C is even for? And with Mark and Mito trying to get me lynched, I'm probably dead anyways, which ofc means I lose the game and idc about town winning if I lose, cuz im a wacky selfish biatch. Anywhoo, kill Panda and Mito afterwards.

Yarrrr!Rorschach,765,When they die.Rorschach,766,Shhhhh nooooo its perfect definitely says Day 2Gikkle,767,The fact you find it weird is weird because I just went back to look at the rules and that's why I'm talking about it lolGikkle,768,I still have a craving for human flesh, but I wouldn't call it a problem.Skrimiche,769,grones town
won't be on for most of today (or this week in general tbh) but let it be known!Skrimiche,770,grones town bc he's not acting like he does as scum (from what i remember, anyways; dont rly use/pay attention to meta personally)Red_Pandas,771,You're dodging everything I said in the post, by saying I'm misunderstanding your posts. (If we're both misunderstanding each other this much that would be bad but I don't see exactly how I'm misunderstanding what you're saying.)
If you really think I'm misunderstanding your posts in a way that's harmful to the town right now, you should be correcting what you said or what I misunderstood about it. If I'm getting everything wrong I really would like to know that.
Also referring to me voting someone I SR as "wanting a mislynch" is very scummy to say imo
I can't even explain how bad this sounds
Hm, must be me then.
I just feel like half-way through D2 is a weird time to be looking back at the rules
This doesn't make sense to meTheHorla,772,Reading upRorschach,1,[No mods this is not a duplicate it makes sense if you play the game. I'm sorry that my initial setup looks like spam. We'll be using all three threads. They're not the same.]






The rain falls steadily, the castle rising up.

The carriage we follow in this wet muck sprays up mud every few yards or so, drenching any passerby more than they were before. The rickety shaft of the undercarriage creaks and groans, before the vehicle eventually comes to a stop, the horses pulling it whinnying in annoyance.

Yet another dark carriage in the line tonight, outside the front gate. Some of their inhabitants were invited and came readily...others...not so much.
Thrown in like sacks of potatoes. Today the thunder does not rush across the landscape. For this is a sad day. This is a day someone dies.

This is Mafia.

Please read the following information carefully. Many rules are not the same, and the setup is atypical from what you are familiar with. Do not sign up until you have read how to sign up.



Spoiler: What is Mafia?



Mafia is all about lies and charisma, or at least synthesized charisma. The game typically follows a cycle of discussion whereupon a player is voted out of the game, followed by a cycle where silence reigns, and players may submit their actions which could include such types of things as protection, killing, or investigation.

The game is normally composed of 2 main factions, an uninformed majority, traditionally referred to as "town" or "village," and an informed minority known as "mafia" or "wolves." The wolves' goal is to equal or outnumber the townies, while the town's goal is to eliminate all wolves.

Sometimes there are additional alignments, such as additional mafia factions, or third party roles which can win with any side, or with nobody else.






Spoiler: The General Rules



These rules do not follow a priority system. They are considered sacred, and will not take precedence over one another. These rules may be pre-empted by more game-specific rules, but unless you are explicitly told otherwise either in an official DM by me, or by a specific rule governing a thread posted by me, these rules are hard and fast.

Obey all rules associated with the forum.
Do not discuss the game outside of this thread or host-approved DMs.
Play towards you or your alignments win condition.
Do not post anything in the thread after you die. Memes are fine, as long as they are not game related in any way.
Do not post game related stuff during the cycle at which actions are traditionally resolved. (This is normally referred to as a "night" phase.)
Do not post anything I send you in a DM in any way. This includes copy-pasting, screenshotting or capturing images in any other way. I will give you explicit permission if you are allowed to share something. Otherwise, assume you are not.
Paraphrasing things is fine.
You may not delete your posts, nor edit the post such that the content of the post's meaning is changed. This means only fix grammatical or spelling mistakes if you are editing your posts.
This game will be run across three threads. You will only need to keep track of 2, and only one of those two will have discussion at a time. (Traditionally referred to as a "day" phase.)
As a moderator, I am not bound to always tell the truth. I will avoid lying where possible, but to keep the integrity of the setup, it may necessitate explicitly lying about certain functionalities until they have been triggered.
Nights will be action phases, while days will be discussion phases.
Alignments in other threads are not indicative of alignments in this thread, and vice-versa.
I will not respond to in thread tags.
I will not answer questions in thread.
I will not read questions in thread.
I will respond to my oldest DMed question first. So if you spitfire, sorry it's just I gotta handle the load in one order or another.
You may not discuss a different game in a different thread. (No discussing Game A in Game B's thread.)
This includes Game A/C Combos. Even if you're not playing in both, you may not discuss the one you're not in in your host thread.

I could lie and say that flavor isn't alignment indicative, but that would be a lie. Flavor could be alignment indicative. Or role indicative. Or both.
Duplicates are possible. Even flavor duplicates.

Vote ties are not necessarily handled the same way cycle to cycle or game to game. If not specified at the start of a cycle, assume that it is whoever was at the higher number of votes the longest.
If Player A has 8 votes and Player B has 7 votes, then someone votes player B, player A is still lynched.
If instead someone unvotes player A, player A is still lynched.

No roles are banned from play. This includes OG Jester which kills everyone when it wins.
The bot is doing vote counts. (Thanks Mark.)
Due to the nature of the setup, hydras are discouraged but not outlawed.
THERE IS NOT DEAD CHAT. 
THERE IS NO SPECTATOR'S CHAT.
YOU DO NOT RECEIVE THE ROLE LIST UPON DEATH. 
YOU MAY NOT DISCUSS THE GAME UPON DEATH.




The following three spoilers will discuss specific rules that are different between the three concurrent games. Signing up for game A or game C will also sign you up for game B.


Spoiler: Rules: Game A



As with the previous rules section, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game A's thread specifically.

The capacity of players in this thread must be at a maximum, one less than the capacity of players in Game C. For preference, this game will have two less players than Game C. It runs most optimally with 9 or more players.
Being lynched in this game means you lose the game. Winners get to live to tell about it. Losers do not.
The game follows a traditional layout of Day Discussion and Night Actions. Cycles will last approximately 48 hours each (Night=48hrs, Day=48hrs), but will be updated at the start of each cycle to clarify as needed.
The order of operations for this game is hidden. As such, you will not receive it if asking.
The "town," or uninformed majority faction will be referred to as the mafia. The informed minority will be referred to under any of the following names: "werewolf," "sleeper agent," "wolf,"or "machine why is this so unnecessarily confusing"






Spoiler: Rules: Game B



As with the previous rules sections, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game B's thread specifically.

The capacity of players in this thread is at a minimum the summation of the number of players in Games A & C.
Atypical of traditional mafia games, the discussion phase will be referred to as "Night" while the action phase will be referred to as "Day." Cycles will last 48 hours each. (Day will be 48 hours, Night will be 48 hours)
This game will start on "Day 1," meaning it will start on an action phase.
No roles will be handed out for this game until the end of Day 1's cycle. Roles will be assigned as follows:
During Day 1, you will choose a player in the game, and a flavor for them. A role will be assigned based upon that flavor.
Flavors should be something you would borrow or rent from a library or archive. This could include any of the following types of items:
Books
Movies
Music
Journalism
Photography
Or others...

You may not choose yourself as the player to receive the flavor.
You may not coordinate to ensure that everyone receives a flavor. Some books are not yet written...
If a player receives multiple flavors, they may experience any of the following:
Be given the option to select one.
Automatically redirect the flavor onto someone else.
Receive all flavors as their flavor.








Spoiler: Rules: Game C



As with the previous rules sections, these rules are paramount. They supersede those rules when in conflict, for Game C's thread specifically.

The capacity of players for this thread is at a minimum, one more than those in Game A. It works best, however, with 11 or more players.
If you are lynched in this game, you are considered to have lost. Winners get to eat cake, and the dead do not eat...or do they?
The game follows a traditional layout of Day Discussion and Night Actions. Cycles will last approximately 48 hours each (Night=48hrs, Day=48hrs), but will be updated at the start of each cycle to clarify as needed.
The rules for this game are subject to update. At the start of each day or night, any updates will be shared in that start post.






Spoiler: Links to Games A, B, & C



Game A
Game B
Game C





Spoiler: Important Mod Posts



PreGame: Flavor Announcements
Day 1 Start
Day 1 End
Night 1 Start
Day 2 Start



Game C:


Spoiler: Living Players



@Gikkle
@10000 Jelly Doughnuts
@Azmimel
@Grones
@Skrimiche
@Red_Pandas
@DAREALMoneyMan
@Mitochondria
@TheHorla
@HunterC98
@CjBeats
@Vizier





Spoiler: Dead Players



@MrEevee7 (Night 1)





Spoiler: Backups



@Venusaur
@Illwei





Spoiler: Spectators



Thaum is the only person allowed to spectate.





Spoiler: Previous Games



Game I
Game II - Minecraft Edition
Game III - Minecraft Mobs
Game IV - Blitz Mafia
Game V - Food Mafia
Game VI - Music Mafia
Game VII - Super Smash Bros
Game VIII - Pokemon
Game IX - Terraria Edition
Game X - Mega Walls
Game XI - Video Game Music Mafia
Game XII - Yu-Gi-Oh
Game XIII - Time Travel Mafia
Game XIV - Night of the Living Goo’s
Game XV - The Library
Game XVI - Kits and Classes U-Pick
Game XVII - Star Wars
Game XVIII - Greater Idea Mafia
Game XIX - Comic Book Edition
Game XX - Chaos Rising
Game XXI - Final Fantasy: ExDeath’s Summon
Game XXII - Hypixel Mafia Players Mafia
Game XXIII - Night of the Living Goos: Part 2
Game XXIV - Pokemon Edition
Game XXVI - Murder in the Northlands
Game XXVII - Video Games
Game XXVIII - Desolate
Game XXIX - Amusement Park Mafia
Game XXX - Restaurant Mafia
Game XXXI - Night of the Living Goo’s Part 3
Game XXXII - Mark’s Hydra Hell
Game XXXIII - Alliance Mafia
Game XXXIV - Ancient Rome Mafia
Game XXXV - Space Mafia
Game XXXVI - Summer Vacation
Game XXXVII - Dawn of War (DnD)
Game XXV - Hypixel Mafia Players Mafia 2
Game XXXVIII - Applying to College
Mini-Mafia 3: Logical Fallacies Edition
Game XXXIX - Evolution Mafia
Game XL - Don’t Starve Mafia
Game XLI - Historical Figures U-Pick
Game XLII - The Suffering Game
Game XLIII - Minecraft Mafia
Mini-mafia 4: King Edition
Mini-mafia 5: Chess Edition
Mini-mafia 6: Meme Mafia 1
Game XLIV - Finale
Game XLV - Year Long Mafia
Mini-mafia 7: Ryast’s Mini
Mini-mafia 8: Jojo’s Bizarre Mafia
Mini-mafia 9: Persona 5
Mini-mafia 10: Kirby’s Mafia Adventure
Mini-mafia 11: Meme Mafia 2
Mini-mafia 12: Playing Cards
Mini-mafia 13: Profound Mafia
Game XLVI - DEFCON Mafia
Game XLVII - A Forgotten Temple
Game XLVIII - Halloween in January
Game XLIX - Mafia Hotel
Game L - A Test of Faith
Game LI - Evolution Mafia 2
Mini-mafia 14: Operating Room
Mini-mafia 15: Diffusion of Power
Mini-mafia 16: Simulation Mafia
Game LII: Conspiracy Mafia
Game LIII: The Legend of Zelda Mafia


TheHorla,2,What's Carpe Jugulum?Rorschach,3,Seize the throat.Azmine,4,HypeGrones,5,Game CDAREALMoneyMan,6,Why is Ryast in both games A and C Grones,7,Shouldn't this be Game C? Also, why is Ryast in both games A and C?Rorschach,8,Cause I'm not very good at hitting backspace a ton of times after copy/paste decides to put an extra space between every line.Rorschach,9,Rectified.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,10,Let's go!Rorschach,11,HOKIES!!!

BA DA DA DA DA DA DAAAAAAAAAAAAAA DUMMMMMMMHunterC98,12,Welp, the games are fixing to begin eh?TheHorla,13,Quick test here:

[vote]mark[/vote]DAREALMoneyMan,14,Quick, hammer mark pregame

[vote]mark[/vote]TheHorla,15,[vote]ryast89[/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,16,Pregame RVS?Skrimiche,17,eRorschach,18,




Esther surveys the room from her high backed chair, her gaunt frame unnerving. The room is littered with damp sacks, some of you climbing out of them. Some of you have been here for a while, chatting idly over tea. In the center of the room is a large cage, covered in a cloth, something rattling at it from the inside. 

"Welcome...to the game. Everyone. You have been briefed on the rules, and if not...well. They are publicly available to you." Esther says, pulling out a pen and holding it, pointing to a bulletin on the wall with the rules. "When you choose who to lynch for today, Chef says he's on vacation. So unfortunately we'll just have to drop them in there." She says, smiling thinly, pointing to the cage in the center of the room, where something growls from the inside. "Well...I shan't keep you...You must have so much to discuss..."

Day 1 starts Now. It ends at 7:45 pm, EST on August 3rd. Twilight will last until 9pm of the same day.Grones,19,Yarrr me hearties! Aweigh anchor and set sail for hammertown!Skrimiche,20,what is up gamersGikkle,21,10000 Jelly Doughnuts,22,[Vote]Skrim[/Vote]
!Gikkle,23,[VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE]Rorschach,24,@Gikkle
@10000 Jelly Doughnuts
@Azmimel
@Grones
@Skrimiche
@Red_PandasGikkle,25,Great minds think alike!Rorschach,26,@Red_Pandas
@DAREALMoneyMan
@Mitochondria
@TheHorla
@MrEevee7Rorschach,27,@HunterC98
@CjBeats
@VizierGrones,28,[vote] Skrim [/vote] make the wench walk the plank!Gikkle,29,Bandwagon moment
susVizier,30,[Vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts[/Vote]Grones,31,yar har har, ye landlubbers got no mind for naval strategy like ye ol' capt'nVizier,32,CAPTAIN!Skrimiche,33,im feeling like absolute buttcheeks so im not actually gonna play the game /sGrones,34,AYE ME HEARTYSkrimiche,35,not sure why a townie would post this even in RVS. seems like something only scum would do for townpointsVizier,36,LOOK!Grones,37,NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NOGikkle,38,Ah... I am so hungry... But food is so far away....Skrimiche,39,ehh, the game's barely started, doesnt really seem alignment-indicative to me. just a heehoo funnee attemptSkrimiche,40,just because it's RVS doesnt mean scum cant slip. i see zero reason for a town!skrim to have posted thatSkrimiche,41,like i said, it was probably just them trying to crack a joke.

+ other people have done similar things in the thread. why havent you been going after them?TheHorla,42,hey guys remember 3 votes is actually nearly halfway to hammer lolGrones,43,Alas me hearties, the lass "Skrimiche" is but a scurvy landlubber stranded at sea, lost her mind.Skrimiche,44,where? i havent seen anyone else try to deflect suspicion off of themselves with a flimsy AtE excuse. if im wrong then go quote themMrEevee7,45,[vote] mito [/vote]Gikkle,46,look at this person, talking to themselves. Insanity!

Though, I myself don't actually have any idea whats going on. Where am I?Skrimiche,47,this is just a waste of time. i shouldnt have to hunt them down for you

[VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE] stop being hypocritical with your readsGikkle,48,[VOTE]MrEevee7[/VOTE]Skrimiche,49,annnnd there's the chainsaw defense! found another scum. [VOTE]Skrimiche[/VOTE]MrEevee7,50,Omgus
[Vote] gikkle [/vote]TheHorla,51,Skrim you're making me giggle lolSkrimiche,52,but you voted mito?Grones,53,ye be at sea, but that be already beknownst to ye, ye conspirator. Ye and that lass Skrimiche be pirates flying the jolly rodger on open seas!

[Vote] Gikkle [/vote]Skrimiche,54,oh wait i see
disregard silly ol meMrEevee7,55,[vote] grones [/vote]TheHorla,56,What the **** is that pfpMrEevee7,57,Are you townHunterC98,58,crunchitize me capn.

Wait, hows the quote thingie work if the click quote doesnt quote?Vizier,59,Groan

Skrim is confusing me.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,60,THEY COME TO THIS PLACE WHEN THEY KNOW THEY AREN'T PURE!TheHorla,61,
Who are you guys?Rorschach,62,Hunter
ArraTheHorla,63,I repeat the question.HunterC98,64,wazuuuuuuupRorschach,65,From Chucklefish. They're in the discord.Grones,66,Ye click th'reply button, ye freshwater politicianVizier,67,Poyo!TheHorla,68,aaaahhhhhHunterC98,69,oooooooooh...well what does the quote thingie do?Skrimiche,70,no

sorry ;-;TheHorla,71,:Waves:HunterC98,72,skrim is an adorable bat, i see no problems.Grones,73,All yer quotes be stowed away below decks, ye press "insert quotes" to rouse those lazy landlubbers and bring em to yer postMitochondria,74,more like
amiright fellas???Vizier,75,Amgry Poyo.HunterC98,76,ahh, gotcha, thank you!Grones,77,[vote] mito [/vote] this mitochondria science wizardry be black magic, a terrible omen from the heavens, take him to the plank!Azmimel,78,Hi friendsMitochondria,79,oh captain my captain, if you wish for me to die, then die I shall

[vote] Mito [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,80,I would be very suspicious about the votes nearly getting a hammer this time, but I remember this game runs smaller than what we’re used to.HunterC98,81,yeah....i'll call that pun a lynchable offense...
[Vote] mito [vote]Azmimel,82,Quick hammer mito?Mitochondria,83,do it you won't10000 Jelly Doughnuts,84,For future reference, you got to have the slash at the start of the second vote.

just in case that helpsAzmimel,85,No, cause I appreciate that game C gets to say mito is hereHunterC98,86,Ahh....whoops.
[Vote] mito [/vote]

Edit: just to say i properly voted.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,87,Fair enough, but do you have any reasoning why you did that in the first place beyond random voting?HunterC98,88,nothing beyond a sinful punAzmimel,89,Scum team

Eevee
Mito
Panda
SkrimGrones,90,Throwing jests to the wolves, methinks Gikkle and Skrim be conspirators, plotting vile mutiny!

This be a landlubber's shot at pretending not to know the wench, typical freshwater lies. Gikkle may be a scurvy bastard, but he's the eye of the crow's nest for wizardry, no use pretendin to be a fool. Away with them! 

[vote] Gikkle [/vote]Grones,91,Skrim be a vile, lying lass, a stowaway here for vile mutiny!Gikkle,92,I have literally no idea what you're saying.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,93,Scum team:

Grones
Mark
Panda
YouAzmimel,94,Yeah id be okay with that10000 Jelly Doughnuts,95,That would be a stacked team.Grones,96,More lies! Yar har har! Ye be foolin us to think yer heads filled with saltwater!Azmimel,97,Exactly, I wouldn't mind. Except Mark would get lynched too earlyGikkle,98,I admit it, it was a lie. I don't have "no" idea, since I did have SOME idea. I apologize for this horrible offense, second mate. But your pirate speech is confusing, so I don't quite understand what you're trying to say...Azmimel,99,Lynch all liars!

[Vote] gikkle [/vote]Rorschach,100,Before someone asks again.

The town/village win condition is to:
1. Survive
2. Remove all threats to town.Vizier,101,Aye, this is a mutiny capn. Hand over all the bananas and gunpowder.

[Vote] Grones [/vote]HunterC98,102,i vote we test the captain for scurvy.DAREALMoneyMan,103,There is an impostor among us, and he is ourselves

[vote]chucklenuts[/vote]TheHorla,104,Oh, since we're all talking funny:

Heyday ho

pleasen no lynch mesa. Grones isa mafia, mesa thinkHunterC98,105,i wont lie...i was very tempted to change my vote over for the jarjar talk10000 Jelly Doughnuts,106,[Vote]Mark[/Vote]
Jar Jar speaking should be a policy lynch.Red_Pandas,107,


Azmimel,108,I personally am a fan or itVizier,109,Die, they must. 

[Vote]Mark[/Vote]Mitochondria,110,Why?Azmimel,111,I dont think he's randomly accused someone based on gut yet, that's a big tellGrones,112,YE WRETCHED BABOON! I'LL HAVE YE AS SHARK FEED ERE THE WIND CHANGES! 
[vote] Vizier [/vote]Grones,113,I be a lying, murdering, pillaging captain, but no mafia ever lay in me bunk with me. Me hands be clean.Mitochondria,114,Eh, maybe, but I think Pi's been fine so far. The only Pi-adjacent post that I haven't liked thus far is this one from Gikkle:

And I really can't explain why. Something about the post's tone (too serious? too dismissive? idk) just rubbed me the wrong way when I was skimming through.Grones,115,Gut? Gut?! I'll gut ye like a fish, ye scallywag.HunterC98,116,fair thinking, but is that a tell?Mitochondria,117,The Gikkle post? Obviously it's too early to really tell but I think it could be, weirdly defensive or dismissive responses to anything that could be perceived as an attack definitely isn't uncommon scum behavior.Red_Pandas,118,ikr I am so goodRed_Pandas,119,I think pi's pirate talk is funny and therefore Pi is hard town
I will not listen to any opposing argumentGrones,120,That post by that wretched mutineer Gikkle mayhaps be the fruit of his heavens-imposed speech impediment. He be playing the part of a confused, sun-dazed landlubber, away at sea, and far from his lass, for far too long. Aye, I remember when I was but a wee lad aboard the HMS Bictory, just a wee deck swabber I was, a cabin boy. Sick to the guts!Red_Pandas,121,gikkle instant scum for no pirate speakGrones,122,Me first mate rises!Red_Pandas,123,anyways, [VOTE] Rorschach [/VOTE]
I really can't shake off the feeling that they've somehow orchestrated this all
what exactly they may be planning is beyond me, but I know they're up too somethingMitochondria,124,nah, he wasn't doing the confused act for his first three posts of the gameHunterC98,125,how many times were you told to scrub the poopdeck?Red_Pandas,126,Aye, captain!Rorschach,127,Quite a few times unfortunately. On his first day he took the name a little too literally...Mitochondria,128,this is a dumb speculation read, but i think there will be scum among the people with post modifiers (and if one flips scum, the other(s) are prob town)Red_Pandas,129,TMI??
No post modifiers are in sight I think this is tmi!!Mitochondria,130,based, you got meHunterC98,131,post modifiers?Mitochondria,132,pi's pirate posting, skrim's schizophrenia posting, maybe gikkle's confused postingMitochondria,133,Post modifiers are basically just any parts of a person's role that require them to format all their posts in a certain way.HunterC98,134,ahhhh, gotcha...Gikkle,135,I think I'm more hungry than confused, to be quite honest.Grones,136,Mayhaps she be a truly disturbed lass, afflicted by rot of the brain, not a "post-modifier"Grones,137,Me life at sea as a young cabin boy was torturous! But now I be the most feared pirate and used car salesman in the seven seas!Mitochondria,138,You didn't seem very hungry in these posts


Is there any way anyone can give you food to help you out?TheHorla,139,Nosa reason, me just needed sometten to sayen in disa amusen translatorGikkle,140,I don't have a post modifier, I think. I'm actually not really sure yet. We'll have to wait and see.Mitochondria,141,okay fair

i'm so sorryGrones,142,Mito smells afoul to me, alike a gutted fish left out to rot in the Sun. Only good to throw overboard! Mito ne'er defends a soul 'cept when he be a foul mutineer! He be seekin to put the cap'n in his trouser pockets! Hardy yar yar!TheHorla,143,It's okeedayMitochondria,144,hey i can be selfless HunterC98,145,oh? Do you have early automobiles? im a big fan of the older models...Gikkle,146,Well... There is ONE way... But you might not like it... You see, it involves human flesh...Grones,147,[unvote] [/unvote] 
Yar Marky! Is this be the way to unvote, to appease the god of the seas, "vote count bot"?Grones,148,Aye we carry anything a landlubber would desire in their dark, nasty, landlubber heartMitochondria,149,How much human flesh?Grones,150,The only powerhouse on this ship will be used combustion engines! Yar har!TheHorla,151,YesaHunterC98,152,oh good..ill have to come and do some perusing for anything of interest...Grones,153,Methinks Hunter be loyal to the cap'n. He be returnin to the high seas after years of being away, surely he be wary and lurking beneath the depths, if he were a mutineer! Timid, scouting the waters! But he be in the fray, fighting with his cutlass like the best of us!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,154,I didn’t even consider Pi’s posting to be a restriction, I just thought he was like that this game.

I may be stupid, lol.

But anyway, I don’t think restrictions are AI at all, I can’t see mito’s argument tbh.Gikkle,155,Well... The exact amount remains to be seen.Gikkle,156,I thought we were just doing this for fun, to be honest.TheHorla,157,Me'm finden disa so fun dat me think me'm goen to keep it tup.Grones,158,It be no restriction! I be struck down by the heavens with this curse, but I will become more power than you could possibly imagine!






Yar har, I drifted to the wrong franchise, for a moment there lads. The sun and years at sea be taking a toll on this cap'n's mind.Grones,159,Away with ye, ShylockVizier,160,What if I need a new ship?Grones,161,Take yerself to the shipyards then, ye scurvy dog! This cap'n sells only used cars!HunterC98,162,i be a little rusty with my sword, more akin to my pistols and muskets..10000 Jelly Doughnuts,163,Did my car’s warranty expire yet?Grones,164,O not yet, no lass! But ye must be here for yer car's extended warranty! For a mere 9000 gold pieces, yer vehicle be warranted and safe to ride the streets of Port Royal for years (two years) to come! Ah! To the plank with years! Fork over yer firstborn and yer car be warranted for a decade!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,165,Sorry, my firstborn has a contractual obligation already.HunterC98,166,ooooh, is that the new payment method?Grones,167,Damn that thieving Rumplestiltskin! That scurvy dog! Freshwater kleptomaniac! Stealing me customers!Red_Pandas,168,technically my role pm never said what alignment I am so I may be scumSkrimiche,169,explain owoSkrimiche,170,sussy
[VOTE]Red_Pandas[/VOTE]Grones,171,
Scarrrrred arrrre ya?MrEevee7,172,Sadly no
I dont think any one of those is actually a post modifier tbh except maybe pi
When u claim neutral:
[vote] panda [/vote]MrEevee7,173,If you can prove you arent neutral evil you can stay alive for nowCjBeats,174,IM ALIVE.
IM KICKIN. 
I AM HERE.

I get to play with Mito uwu, how exciting. And my boy arra, who I shall defend with my life.


mfw10000 Jelly Doughnuts,175,That’s concerning10000 Jelly Doughnuts,176,Sadge, CJ forgets about me and Pi.CjBeats,177,Fear not my good jelly, I have not forgotten thee. I simply never play with the boy arra so it brings me much joy and excitement. OHO AND THE HUNT IS HERE TOO WHAT A GLORIOUS DAY. THIS GAME SHALL BE A SPLENDID GAME OF CAMARADERIE AND BETRAYAL.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,178,You mean trolling at an advanced level?CjBeats,179,I do not understand what you mean by that my good Jelly.Vizier,180,
Mh. No like.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,181,Oh. You will 

Gut, based on nothing, read: Gikkle town.Red_Pandas,182,yeah
well im obviously not neutral, because im mafia.
yeah maybeSkrimiche,183,i thought you said you didn't know your alignmentRed_Pandas,184,yeah but I got the mafia chat so im good nowSkrimiche,185,oh okay sweetSkrimiche,186,hey now wait just a diddily darn second here

did it not say your alignment in the title of your pm??Red_Pandas,187,I mean who knows, I COULD be a secret hidden neutral in the mafia chatRed_Pandas,188,why
why would it
be in the title?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,189,Pandas obvious jester?Vizier,190,Jesters win if they die by vote...Right?Red_Pandas,191,tbh I kind of think this is some sort of scum slip 
I dont know exactly how that would work but im sure thats not how the pms workRed_Pandas,192,I agree10000 Jelly Doughnuts,193,Yes. And Machine's a fan of the original jester that kills everyone else when they die.Red_Pandas,194,that sounds really exciting tbh I think you guys should vote me10000 Jelly Doughnuts,195,Nah, we'll NK you instead 

Someone's a vig, right?Skrimiche,196,@10000 Jelly Doughnuts is your alignment in the title of your pm/file?

sure it is!Azmimel,197,I don’t think we should lynch pandas today, but we should just shoot him. 10000 Jelly Doughnuts,198,It's just labeled 'Game C' and has the role contained within. 

Although I notice a lot of spelling and grammar errors within the file, so I think machine was in a rush or something. Dunno. What's it like for everyone else?Skrimiche,199,inb4 he made them all different so people couldn't cheese the gameSkrimiche,200,oh i see
i meant the name of your role pm file, not the hypixel pmAzmimel,201,are you that nervous about a joke post? don’t like that :3
That’s a good point.

Skrim/Gikkle/Mark/Pi

do any of you actually have a post modifier or are you just joking?Azmimel,202,we all made the pms so that would be NAI anyway

also don’t feel like we should be doing this to solve the game : (Red_Pandas,203,I haven't checked my file
ohh that makes much more senseMrEevee7,204,You know town isnt called mafia this game right?
Didnt machine say there are no jesters?Azmimel,205,maybe his post modifier is that he has to lie all the time? can’t see how this would be a good jester play. It’s way too obvious; I think something else has to be going on here.MrEevee7,206,You requested machine for a normal role pm tho so you dont have a file10000 Jelly Doughnuts,207,Lmao probably.
TBH, that's a pretty scummy thing to say. I've not seen town non-ironically say that.
Machine said that *anything* could be on the rolelist afaik. I could have misread the rules, but I think he said earlier that anything goes.Skrimiche,208,why would i be nervous because of you  

re: post modifier - joke

what do you suggest instead then
cause i dont have anything elseGrones,209,Aye me heartie! I be a cap'n and a used car salesman! Yarrrr!Skrimiche,210,why are we assuming people have post modifiers and using that to determine alignments/roles .-.Grones,211,Yarrr ye be a rude wench, ye be speakin to Mel10000 Jelly Doughnuts,212,Even if Pi has a post restriction, he's having too much fun and I love it. Lock town for wholesomeness.Azmimel,213,Idk, you’re the one who asked me to explain reads made during RVS. Why ask me to explain these reads and not the other one I made after it?? 
there were enough people acting like they had post modifiers that I thought it was a possibility.

remember pi’s worldeater role?Azmimel,214,heyyy do you have a post modifier or nah?Grones,215,It be a fool's errand to affix our spyglasses on th'heavens-cursed speeches. It be the gods playing a jest on ourrrrrr lives! Next scurvy rat to say a worrrrrd gets to be a man overrboarrrd!HunterC98,216,am i a joke to you?HunterC98,217,Redeemed. All is forgiven.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,218,Everytime I read your signature, I want a burger. Dang you.Grones,219,Avast me hearties! The signature be needin an update!Azmimel,220,do you like our pfp?? i picked it out please compliment me Azmimel,221,can’t dislike posts yet : (Skrimiche,222,for anyone else who was wondering if this was actually true or not:
///////
ily mel but my point still stands xoxo

duh, because i only care about things regarding me. uwu

i think the odds of another post modified worldeater are too low to give significant thought to atmAzmimel,223,love u too 
You ask why I thought post modifiers could be indicative of alignment/role and that was my first thought. my point is that if they are real we shouldn’t brush them to the side.Grones,224,th'signaturrrre be amended forrrr th'high seas!Skrimiche,225,ehh
i still dont think theyre important (or at least not something to be focusing on for today). only one person (grones) could be argued to have one. what does that tell you?Grones,226,It be tellin ye I be th'cap'n and ye best be harkening to 'im lest ye wish t'be a wench strrrranded on BarbadosCjBeats,227,uWu panda-kun open wolfing, what a glorious day! This game will be as easy as taking a baby away from their candy!

[vote]Panda[/vote]Scythe,228,ayieh10000 Jelly Doughnuts,229,Oh?
Yes, I do! I really could go for some pasta right now, not going to lie
CJ using uWu unirionically is scaryMrEevee7,230,pandas is definitely scum, but if they are a jester we should probably be careful about lynching them. 
[unvote] [/unvote]MrEevee7,231,it gets worse when you realize
a. they dont have a file
b. they said they already read their role and it didnt say their alignment.Skrimiche,232,coward! [vote]red_pandas[/vote]Grones,233,I be thinkin this speech talk be a waste of ourrrrr voyageGrones,234,Ye ruffians be speakin of a jester
10000 Jelly Doughnuts,235,
^
Specific beats general, and if someone had something in their PM saying they differed from the rules, that takes the reigns.CjBeats,236,Doth thou fellows really think the machine would throw a jester in this here game? Nay, panda-kun is quite simply a wolf who scumsclipped. Tis the only logical explanation for his actions, say I.Gikkle,237,I claim jesterGrones,238,Gikkle be a fine tarrrrget t'send overrrrboarrrd methinks10000 Jelly Doughnuts,239,why the hell are you doing weeb shakespeare speak?Grones,240,This be the second Shakespeare rrrrreference on this ship! A coincidence?Azmimel,241,It was the first thing I noticed when I read up this morning, so that's why I asked a question about it. Red pandas being jester feels a little too easy for me. Why was he being so obviously scummy?? That's why I suggested an alternate theory: a post modifier. But it's just that, a theory.


I don't know what it tells us because I don't know that much yet. I was just curious as to why some people were acting like they had one. Could be important in the future though.Azmimel,242,pandas rating one of my posts funny feels like a punch to the gut tbhGikkle,243,the alignment is in the title right
tbh I missed that completely and just thought "village #" was something to just describe me, not my alignment. My actual role pm doesn't have my alignment so I didn't know I was town until I asked for my win con an hour later lol.

So maybe pandas is telling the truth and since there is no title machine can change in the pms sent by panda he just had a role pm with no alignmentRed_Pandas,244,I may be dumb, but I'm not stupid
no I really haven't, machine told me my role in the pm
I think machine had given me a file already when I asked for a normal pm
yeah that's true
ew CJ saying uwu instant scum [VOTE] Cjbeats [/VOTE]
scum jest?
how does not having a file make it worse
and I got my alignment now im pretty sure it was just an error that I foundRed_Pandas,245,I reaaaaaally want to do funny talk somehow but I cant think of anythingHunterC98,246,hmmm....i say we give the man what he wants, what do you all say?
[vote] Gikkle [/vote]Red_Pandas,247,I find it really funny that I've managed to get myself almost consensus scum read by doing random RVS jokes

no, I am not going to stop.Azmimel,248,are you seriously going to write this off as RVS? fmlGikkle,249,consensus? By like 4 people?Gikkle,250,It's still RVS in my heartAzmimel,251,;-; I'm so confused right nowCjBeats,252,Who knows why any of us do anything in this accursed world?

let us look at thee panda-kun. An experienced member of this here mafia party. Are we to truly believe the man is a dumbfounded idiot? He is not! Panda-kun is an intellectual who scumslipped as his pms are different than our own! Tis the only logical explanation for senpai’s actions!Red_Pandas,253,yes, I will
tbh though the jokes did kinda suck
yeah pretty muchCjBeats,254,Let me enlighten thee. RVS means random voting sycle. You are welcome!Gikkle,255,Town members can't win after dying
Thus town and mafia will be equally scared of getting lynched
Anyone who acts like they are okay with being lynched is a liarCjBeats,256,Hunter me pal! What is thine experience with the game of mafia as we play now?Red_Pandas,257,Im pretty sure mine is the same as everyone else's but coolCjBeats,258,Did ye not ask the machine senpai for a role pm different then our own?


and yet, you my dear Gik claimed jester! Hmmmm suspicious!Red_Pandas,259,yeah I dont actually have a file
just checked
I had one for game A but then I moved to game C
so my alignment technically wasn't anywhere in my PM before machine added itAzmimel,260,I get what you're saying, but I also don't understand why he wouldn't have just questioned machine privately until he understood his role. Why does he benefit from announcing that he has no alignment in his role pm?? What does that do for him?? 


if it was a joke it was a terrible one. 


Oh, CJ, you are a saucy boy!Red_Pandas,261,yeah kind of?
it was just asking for my role in the pm instead of in the file
technicallyyyyy it wasn't a joke 
but I did announce it ironicallyCjBeats,262,Perhaps the machine senpai made an Oopsie woodsie? Could it be!? Is our senpai incompetent??CjBeats,263,There was once a saying back in the day of mine from whence I was born! Comedy is subjective! Terrible jokes are still jokes my dearest Azimel!Grones,264,This be a revealing day, we thrrrow Gikkle orr Skrrrim overboard! Hunterrr, Panda, and Cj arrrrre loyal to the cap'n, forrrr cerrtain!Red_Pandas,265,im afraid soCjBeats,266,And did the machine senpai give you your request in the different role pm?Grones,267,[vote] gikkle [/vote]CjBeats,268,Alas, perhaps we should lynch him instead! Oh what a great sacrifice we must make for our panda-Kun!!Grones,269,Cj ye best stop discussin rrrrrole PMs lest ye appearrr as a conspirator mutineerrrr t'me, thrrrowin the discussion overrrboardCjBeats,270,Enlighten me my dearest cap’n-kun, what is the problem with mistress Skrimiche on this day?Grones,271,[vote]cj[/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,272,I. I.

I'm intimidated. I won't lie.CjBeats,273,My curiosity shan’t be quenched, not even by my dearest cap’n-kun.Grones,274,She be talkin amiss, and I be seeing a vile connection betwixt herrr and th'GikkleRed_Pandas,275,can confirm
yeah I think machine Lynch would be a good idea
yesCjBeats,276,Oh to switch so fast in the heart of thee! What a glorious mind you possess!Azmimel,277,
hmmmm ok10000 Jelly Doughnuts,278,




Pi's reversal of his opinions is well within his normal town meta, I think. Therefore, I will say that Pi is a high TR of mine, and would rather not want him lynched.CjBeats,279,Then chalk it up to nothing more than a miscommunication! Non-alignment indicative say I!

[unvote][/unvote]
It is settled!


my dearest jelly! I am playing most seriously in my heart!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,280,This is 1000000000% cursed.Azmimel,281,I don't like how quickly you accepted that. Where did your certainty go?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,282,


HunterC98,283,uhhh....lets see..last time i played was...what? 5'ish years ago?HunterC98,284,appreciate the vote of confidence cap!Grones,285,Jelly be using jests t'avoid exposing herrrrself as a vile mutineer?Azmimel,286,this feels like the complete opposite of how she was last game, so I'm kinda ok with it,Grones,287,Arghhhhh10000 Jelly Doughnuts,288,Nah, I just wanted to make memes. That's all. I would say that I'd stop doing them, but that would be a lie, because they're funny. 

[Vote]Cj/Vote]

Something pings me about him, he feels wishywashy.

ANd yea, pi's that way too, but he's usually that way as town.Grones,289,Panda be town, no throwin o'erboard, cap'n's orderrs10000 Jelly Doughnuts,290,I disagree with him being town, but agree with not lynching. Hopefully we have a TK that can handle the jester.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,291,because I don't see scum pandas or town pandas being this way tbh.HunterC98,292,i feel too scrambled to make a fair assumption here.

cap'n seems busy being the spitting image of a proper town seafarer.

gikkle seems to be pure chaos.

cj seems awful authoritative, though that could be chalked up with trying to make up for missing some talk time.

jelly seems to be alright so far, a pinch quiet but i dunno how she plays to make a concern of that.

azmimel is either staying very quiet and stoking flames or just unavailable most often.Azmimel,293,Maybe if you explain the connection between Gikkle and Skrim I'd explain my read :3


He's either village idiot or neutral imoGrones,294,Let's brrring out the rum and play a game below decks! All ye scalleywag excuses for sailors, bellow out the scummiest, most treacherous words ye can


The cap'n'll begin

I be so disappointed I be a loyal one this voyage, I be hopin t'be a treacherous mutineer, but the gods declarrre me loyal to me post, th'CAP'NRed_Pandas,295,I feel like I probably would be dumb enough to make these jokes as bothAzmimel,296,the only reason why I could imagine anyone saying this is because they want to be lynched.Azmimel,297,trying to chat with my hydra partner :3MrEevee7,298,hes still lying about not checking the file, as he claims he doesnt have a file later on
so you knew your alignment, so why did you say you didnt?
scum != mafia, it just is evil roles. so jester would be scum as it makes town lose in the case that it is lynched
because you said you didnt read your file, but if you dont have it thats just an obvious lie that you didnt read it.HunterC98,299,aaah...yes that is a thing, my bad.Red_Pandas,300,eh
that doesn't mean I'm lying though, if I dont have a file then I didnt read it?
so it's still true
my alignment was never in the PM before I made the joke about it
after that machine added it
technically I didn't
I dont think jester is even in the game since everyones win-con is to stay alive and defeat the other faction iirc
but that means it's true??
also I did think I had a file
my memory is bad and its not something I thought was importantCjBeats,301,Twas explained away by the panda-kun! My certainty was replaced by uncertainty before being uprisen by a new kind of certainty!
Then ye are but a bab who I shall protect henceforth!


Is coming to an understanding wishy washy my dearest jelly? It is not!MrEevee7,302,no one says "i didnt read my book!!!" if they dont have a book. you were clearly trying to make an excuse for "not knowing your alignment"
ah yes, what a great reason to be town. "my memory is bad"

guys i claim scum!!!!
wait no my memory is bad im actually town!!!Grones,303,9 times out o'10, when ye landlubbers be assured and confident ye caught a scumslip rrrrelatin' t'role PMs, ye be sorrrely mistaken. This be a useless arrrrrgument made by lazy landlubberrrsRed_Pandas,304,as said previously, at the time I thought I had a file 
I never tried to make it an argument that I was was town but sure
I was literally just stating that I had mis-remembered it
also me claiming that I was mafia is the most obvious joke in history10000 Jelly Doughnuts,305,Rum? Rum?

Honestly: scum doesn't usually tend to say that they wished they rolled scum. It's a town move in my experience. Or at least I think so. Pi just keeps on being more townie somehow.
No one read the rules closely enough and it shows.
This is 100% cursed why am I in this game, I should suffer in the nexus instead why why why why whyRed_Pandas,306,im dumb be patient with meSkrimiche,307,pg 13 atm
[vote]CjBeats[/vote]HunterC98,308,okay, lemme be the first to come to the question, do we lynch off of all the nonsense in an attempt to knock out a bad guy or let time pass and use abilities to try and find stuff out?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,309,In most games, town tries to lynch everyday due to the information gained from the flip and the potential mafia member dead.

Here it may be less advisable because a lynch on someone is an automatic 'you lose' thing, so I feel like people are more hesitant this time.DAREALMoneyMan,310,I do not like that you are attempting to brush off his actions via of setup speculationGikkle,311,[VOTE]No-Lynch[/VOTE]
When's the last time we had a d1 no lynch? :3HunterC98,312,soooo keep yapping till someone slips?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,313,Based!
[Vote]No-Lynch[/Vote]
Yep, you got it. Eventually someone will vote dumb, pressures build and then scum slipping happens!CjBeats,314,Oh Gikkle-Chan, you wild man! Perhaps once I would’ve joined you on your quest to lynch not a soul, but alas, I have come to realize the benefit of lynching a person day 1. To not do so would be an inservice to the game!HunterC98,315,aye aye cap-errr...jelly.Vizier,316,You seem...Rather. 

Dead-set on lynching.CjBeats,317,And you aren’t my dearest Arra?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,318,I'm waiting for the time CJ says 'you saucy boy' unironically. 

I think I woke up in the twilight zoneSkrimiche,319,what if they just dont care about losing :3

im down
[vote]Skrimiche[/vote]

gikkle is quaking in his bootsVizier,320,Not particularly. I really wouldn't want more company.Grones,321,Arrrgh! Based! 
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Grones,322,Land ho!Grones,323,Argh! I meant @CjBeats10000 Jelly Doughnuts,324,CJ is a farming instrument?Grones,325,He'll be farmin votes 'ere the tide changes10000 Jelly Doughnuts,326,Also: weird thought: what if dead players were still in the game somehow.

Seems very weird that Machine would just ban dead chat and giving the rolelist.

Maybe there could be revivers. Idk, just seems odd to me.HunterC98,327,That could be interesting, but then the question is, what extent of knowledge would they come back with?Grones,328,The dead souls be sent away from Davy Jones locker because all 3 worlds be connected, methinks.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,329,The same bit of when they were dead, I think.
most assuredly there’s a connection.HunterC98,330,Which makes sense of the snippet of not revealing roles.HunterC98,331,guess playing it safe would be the smart thing to do..
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Grones,332,If ye were bettin yer life on it, which of these ruffians would ye wager is a mutineer?HunterC98,333,if i was to wager my doubloons against a soul, i would say one of the quieter ones...likely mito. just don't have enough to go off of to make a safe assumption.Grones,334,Aye! Mito be a treacherous cabin boy, but for other reasons.

Speakin of quiet ruffians, lurkin under the sea,
@DAREALMoneyManHunterC98,335,i wanted to ask about him but wasnt sure if i just didnt know his name he used.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,336,Explain?TheHorla,337,I don't 100% understand the pandas situation, but I learned the hard way last game that most of the time, "scumslips" related to PMs and formatting are usually just people getting confused.

Let me see if I read this right:
- pandas got his role in a PM, not a file
- the text of the PMs doesn't contain a wincon
- since you can't edit the title of a PM, machine forgot to tell pandas his alignment
- pandas noticed this, made a joke out of it
- people didn't realize that pandas wouldn't have known his alignment from his file title, since he got his role as a PM
Explaining away behaviour as a post modifier is bad logic and scummy. If we want to argue that player such and such is "obviously scummy" because of a "post modifier", we might as well hang up our towels and go home here.
Eevee is way too confident here for my liking.
Disappointed in gikkle for speaking sense here and not using this prime reaction fish opportunity.Azmimel,338,yea, but I also don't like the fact that he's trying to write it off as an RVS joke. I wouldn't lynch him either way, but I certainly don't think he's towny.
Not attempting to brush his actions off. I'm trying to figure out on earth he would inform us (apparently as a joke) that he had no alignment in his role pm. It was just a theory . I personally don't see scum or town doing that in any situation.Azmimel,339,I think they are, specifically because of this quote from the rules for game C
Grones,340,Mito be a snake charmer, a silverrrr-tongued succubus


Across the 7 seas, I've always known this landlubber to be a rotten soul from the malbolge. He be a seducer, a liar, a flatterer, a two faced duplicitous freshwater politician!

His treacherous mutiny sails on
He be a sower of deceit, he sets our ship along the wrong course, subtly like the Majesty's snake charmer he be.Grones,341,What be the cabin boy's agenda?Skrimiche,342,[VOTE]MrEevee7[/VOTE]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,343,Mmm, I disagree, but there's probably no reason to be setup speculating
Okay other than being a dnd monster, what did Mito do?
Why?HunterC98,344,i shall kick back and watch this show unfold til i have anything interesting or thoughtful to add.Azmimel,345,oh sorry i should've been more specific on which part. I think dead players will still have an impact on the game. I have no clue about revivers.TheHorla,346,Am... I the cabin boy? Or eevee?Azmimel,347,this is the second time you've voted a person pi has put under some sort of pressure with no explanation.Grones,348,Review th'rest o'me post, illiterate wenchTheHorla,349,Where did pi pressure eevee?Grones,350,Eevee, that dogMitochondria,351,I agree with Mark's take on the Panda situation. Don't fully understand what their confusion was and honestly don't care enough about this discussion line to spend the brainpower figuring it out, but odds are more likely they got confused and communicated their confusion poorly rather than them being scum that we caught right away.

I'm also mindmelding with Mark on his Eevee take (shows up, tunnels Panda, then dips; I especially didn't like the post he made asking Panda to "prove he's not neutral evil," it's a weirdly specific thing to ask for), but I'm super uncomfy with Skrim's naked vote on him and the underlying feeling that thread consensus is quickly shifting against Eevee. Quick shifts in thread consensus generally indicate that the target's town.

I'm not sure if I dislike this post because a) I'm annoyed that we're already starting our discussion about how Mito not living in the thread = scum (in which case this post is NAI and I'm just being emotional) or b) it's scummy that I get specifically called out despite the majority of the game having done nothing thus far.

Pi's read on me is bad and he should feel bad, but I like his play so far.

Pi and Mark feel town, sans the post I called out above I've been liking Hunter, Skrim's kinda weirding me out so light scumread, I guess scumread on Eevee too but I don't think Skrim/Eevee is a scum pair.Grones,352,And where be th'first time?TheHorla,353,@Azmimel are either of you ABBA fans? (Based on your signature, just wondering)10000 Jelly Doughnuts,354,ah okay yea.
I did, you threw out spicy insults and then refused to elaborate more lolGrones,355,I'll hang ye from th'highest mast with yer own innardsMitochondria,356,I'll sink ye ship before I hangAzmimel,357,oops I mixed up you and grones. But the point should still stand. She's voted people that others have put under pressure with no explanation. 
Don't know about azmine, but I sure am.Grones,358,He be seekin a pocketed sailor, and he be veering us off course, distracting us like a Siren's cry!TheHorla,359,An hour ago I impulsively scumread him for it, but:
- good chance eevee is confused as well
- scumhunting is good, considering that it'd be easy for scum to sit back and chill right now
- I agree with mito that a shifting consensus that eevee is scum is in general indicative that eevee is town (particularly considering that he's often considered an easy lynch)Grones,360,


HunterC98,361,fair, i may not have said it well, the second half of the message was supposed to be me saying i am not fully capable to make a firm guess because i don't have anything to compare it against.CjBeats,362,You are doing amazing my dearest sweet huntie-Chan.

Let us move forward on our conversation from the mister panda-kun! It shan’t get us anywhere doddling on about it! When does this here fine day end?Grones,363,@CjBeatsHunterC98,364,Day 1 ends tomorrow at....7:45 PM i believe?Mitochondria,365,If Pi or Hunter flips scum, I think it's decently likely the other flips scum as well. They've been pretty buddy-buddy all game (meta is fairly useless, but as a point of comparison from playing scum with Pi before, I remember he's not big on bussing teammates) and I'm still weirded out by Hunter shading me without committing to a Mito scumread stance and then backpedalling a bit when I responded (builds support for Pi's read without him really sticking his neck out there).

@CjBeats-kun uwu, what do you think of things so far?CjBeats,366,Such a long day, oh me oh my! Thank you dearest cap’n-Chan. I shall love you long time.Grones,367,One of these cabin boys will walk the plank, ere the day is done! E'eryone else aboard this ship be safe!Grones,368,Yer a bold oneMitochondria,369,Being controversial is fun Grones,370,LiberrrrralsCjBeats,371,I think things are just downright fascinating in this here game! A glorious tale of whodunnit taking place upon our doorstep!
I know not the reasoning on why people are scumming the Eevee-weevee, so I could use an explanation, but beyond that there confusion I do so believe the cap’n-Chan is a good lad. Huntie-wuntie-kun is newish, so I shall protect him for now. I do so believe that talking about panda-kun as we have done so much is becoming nothing more than a waste of time. That moment has passed. I would like to hear more from my dearest arra! A delightful, beautiful, man!Grones,372,Aye?Mitochondria,373,Very wholesome post but oh so very safe! Gimme something spicy, what's your hottest take about the game right now?CjBeats,374,My dearest jelly is a sneaky, sniveling, conniving devil bent on seeing this dearest world of ours burn to the ground upon which we stand!Mitochondria,375,Now we're cooking, how come?HunterC98,376,i was asked who i thought could be scummy and answered off of what i had...which still aint much...Mitochondria,377,That's fair - and to be clear, I've generally liked your posts thus far - but the point still stands. Wishywashy reads are never a good look because they're commonly used by scum to set up mislynches and erode the town's trust in other townies without the scum player needing to commit to the read or lead the lynch (both of which look bad when the target flips town).10000 Jelly Doughnuts,378,[JOKEVOTE]JELLY[JOKEVOTE]

oh god, everyone's doing weeb shakespeare and pirate speak. Get me outta here


---
I can see a wolf eevee, but I'm hesistant because he's LHF and I feel like I could be misdirected.

It's very weird cash hasn't spoken at all, but I don't think that's AI.

CJ feels... off for some reason, maybe the restriction is throwing me off, but it feels like some serious misdirection in his posts.CjBeats,379,Despite being how one may say active, she is too concerned with how people say things instead of they say! No notable contributions have come forth from her blessed heart, and I find that odd for someone of her stature and expertise!CjBeats,380,Right as I say such words she comes with the spice, oh my! Misdirection in what way my dear friend?HunterC98,381,alrighty, ill be sure to keep that in mind.Grones,382,Indra moment 


(Argh)Grones,383,Cj vs Jelly be a fool's errand, akin t'searching for the fountain o'youthCjBeats,384,Then consider me a fool, cause this one errand that I just must run! My curious heart shan’t be quenched until I do!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,385,Let me go through your posts real quick and find what sort of bothered me. It's very possible it's not your fault and I'm in shock from the PR.CjBeats,386,I shall await patiently with pounding enthusiasm for your return!MrEevee7,387,idk about anyone else but it says right in my file what my alignment is, not just the title of it. so machine shouldve still told him his alignment regardless of whether or not it was in a normal pm. i assumed this meant he was neutral as normally neutral just comes with the roll and no statement of alignment
and then he started talking about his file, which seemed scummy to me as he shouldnt have one based on his request, and he also said he didnt read his file, which would be a pointless post to make if he had read his pm where his role should have been, so id assumed it was again, a lie.Azmimel,388,First post I could find related to his interactions with Pandas.





Eevee remembered that Pandas asked for his role in a PM instead of a file, and then fixates on Pandas saying he did not open his file where his role was because that shouldn't have been a possibility for Pandas. 

I feel like it's way too easy to scum read Eevee based on just his interactions with Pandas (which are the only significant ones he's had), especially since Pandas was creating confusion, which is not a townie thing to do.

Right now it's low-hanging fruit, and I'd like to see more from Eevee before I actually consider him to be a lynch target.

@MrEevee7 whatcha feeling right now?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,389,The hard part is that I do have issues with telling jokes and such over text. The post modifier is making it really difficult to tell if you're sincere or just playing it up. I try to keep it in mind, but you do seem to be trying to pocket people.
And then you make the argument that there was a scum slip despite not knowing anything about the format of the roles, especially because I can't really find an example PM anywhere that would justify the reason. Pandas was weird, but this is a confusing game.

Although saying you've never read your PM (pandas) is scummy, so that's agreeable
With Hunter
Hunter again, and then you were enlightened, but it reads to me like you thought this was a dead end thing.
Pi.

And well, you seem to have an odd relationship with Mito too, the 'spiciest takes' feels very forced to me.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,390,Spicy take: Neither Eevee nor Pandas should be in the lynch pool today.Azmimel,391,I'm okay with a no-lynch, but I want Skrim to explain why she voted CJ and Eevee.Grones,392,


Red_Pandas,393,setup spec good, this argument is not valid
that's pretty much right
I can get thinking pi has one but me being a bit confusing definitely =/= post mod
if anything its very normal for me to be confusing10000 Jelly Doughnuts,394,You know, when it feels like everyone's trying to pocket you, no one is. But there are like three people who did click agree on a lot of my posts recently.

EDIT: removed 'let me check' idk why I put that there.Azmimel,395,yeah, I got a little overeager thinking about post modifiers. 
I thought you didn't like CJ? Where are you on that?TheHorla,396,Why are you bringing up a no lynch so early?Azmimel,397,because three people have voted for a no-lynch so farAzmimel,398,just checked vote count, it's actually fourTheHorla,399,It just feels super weird to preface that question with that statementAzmimel,400,I mean if skrim doesn't explain her votes well then I won't be ok with a no-lynch.Vizier,401,
I swear I heard someone roll in their grave with that joke. Absolutely sickening.HunterC98,402,Sorry, that was me.Grones,403,
Grones,404,@TheHorla a used car for your thoughts?CjBeats,405,Me and mito-Chan’s relationship is one of resounding love, but that does not mean I would like to pocket. Alas, I know not the heart of Mito-Chan, so I cannot say anything about him! As for the other laddies you mentioned, I simple wish to protect huntie-wuntie on this first day as he has not played in many a moon. And is it wrong to love my cap’n-Chan for telling me when day ends? I think not! But that is the only reason I said such things, so i find it a stretch if you think that’s me trying to pocket the dear lad.

And one does know the format of a role pm, or at the very least one should! After all, we all received one from the machine senpai!TheHorla,406,Null on everyone except gikkle (light town for speaking up for panda) and lean scum on skrimiche for voting eevee.HunterC98,407,to be fair, a lot of what eevee has to say is either voting or straight calling folks out, not that i agree against him but it is something to keep aware of.Skrimiche,408,
i have my reasons, and if i dont make them public then that is also for a reason. :s

i dont think he is?

gimme a bit

scary ;-;Grones,409,Eevee be a mighty sailor, no LHF 
He be no mutineer, ne'erthelessGrones,410,Who ye be wagering be the mutineer, then?DAREALMoneyMan,411,Alas I am binging Ted lasso, I will probably be done with the season by the end of the day so I’ll do things then (TM)Skrimiche,412,also i voted cj because he had stinky energy but i dont feel like pushing him rnRed_Pandas,413,relatableAzmimel,414,Other head popping in! It's cause (you're his scum buddy) : )Skrimiche,415,prove it busterTheHorla,416,Maybe skrim and azmimel?TheHorla,417,To expand on this a bit: azmimel made some really poor attacks on panda (the whole pm speculation bit was bad, thinking that he had a post modifier that made him always lie was scummy, reading him as jester was scummy, not considering that he may have been a bit confused (and that he was telling the truth that he didn't know his alignment at the beginning) was scummy.)

Skrim naked voted eevee after I attacked them is scum-indicative, and mel immediately criticizing them (and afterwards weakly pressuring skrim) feels a bit more like scum distancing than actual scumhunting.Azmimel,418,Pandas came out and said that he did not have an alignment in his role pm, and then later claimed mafia. He did not claim that he was joking until later. That was confusing to me. I saw absolutely no reasoning for town or scum to have made that move, so I assumed he was a neutral who wanted to die. I don’t think that’s scummy.

I never speculated above role pms. In fact, I was very against it. I did speculate a bit about post modifiers, and yeah, I’ll admit I fixated on it a bit too much, but I was trying to figure out why on earth he would’ve decided to share all of this information with us instead of dming machine and figuring it out, which is what I would’ve done, and post modifiers were on my mind because of the earlier discussion. Was it a poor decision to setup speculate so early on? Probably. Is it alignment indicative? Probably not.

I don’t know why you think my argument against skrim has been weak. I haven’t voted her, that’s true, but I didn’t want to vote anyone until I discussed it with my partner.

this is the only post I made about role pms.MrEevee7,419,Idk tbh but i feel like some of the ppl on my wagon are scummy
Why? That's just straight up an anti town line of thought.Skrimiche,420,anti town? like an anti hero? sickSkrimiche,421,+ no it isnt

machine if by some miracle youre reading this i hate you for the no edit ruleRed_Pandas,422,I can see that, kind ofRed_Pandas,423,its been in mafia games like foreverSkrimiche,424,

Spoiler: cj stink pg 13









Skrimiche,425,yeah but normally i can edit in my afterthoughts when i post
now i have to double post and it's annoying for people trying to catch up TheHorla,426,There's a whole bunch to unpack here:
- if someone claims mafia, it's obviously a joke
- jokes are a thing, and don't necessarily imply that someone wants to die.
- I think it's scummy to read into his behaviour this much
- Making assumptions about the veracity of panda's claim that machine forgot to state his alignment is inherently PM speculation
- Re: why panda shared the info: when I read his posts, I found it funny that machine forgot to give him his alignment; that you didn't consider (or pretended to not consider) that he shared it because mod errors are funny is scummy.
- I didn't say that the post modifier speculation was scummy because it's setup speculation (but good point there, I guess that's one more reason to scumread you!). Your comment was scummy because trying to explain player behaviour by post-speculation ("they are lying/acting off because of mod instructions") is not a townie line of reasoning.
- Your argument against skrim is so far weak because I find it unpursuasive.Rorschach,427,*unpersuasiveGrones,428,Jokes aint always jokes arghhhSkrimiche,429,FIGHT ME YOU COWARDRorschach,430,Sure.
Skrim has been modkilled.

I win.

Skrim has been reinstated into the game.MrEevee7,431,How is it notTheHorla,432,What are you saying here?Azmimel,433,





1) From my point of view, we were out of RVS/the banter stage. Pandas said he thought it would be exciting if people voted him. That implies he wants to die.
2) He didn’t clear up that it was a joke until 30-45 minutes after, and during that time he was a major topic of discussion. The majority of players on at the time believed him to be a jester. He didn’t clear it up immediately even though he was online, which I found weird.
3) You’re telling me it’s suspicious to analyze a player I found scummy at the time? 


My argument was not about PM speculation because I was questioning why he shared the information with us. I was confused because I would’ve asked machine instead of sharing it with the rest of the players in the game. Because of this, I thought it might be a ploy to make himself seem suspicious and therefore get voted.





Proof that I never once speculated about what was actually in his PM, just that I wondered why he actually did it.


Once again, I didn’t understand why Pandas was sharing the information with us. So I tried to figure out why. Two things came into my mind. Jester, which was a common answer among the online players, and a post modifier. I thought of a post modifier because of what I’d been thinking about before with you, grones, skrim, and Gikkle.


My argument against Skrim is her votes with absolutely nothing to back them up. I made that point before you did, you just dedicated an entire post to it. Do you not find your own argument persuasive enough?Skrimiche,434,im sure youve had times where you didnt want to spell things out for a greater purposeGrones,435,Nothin 
Yar har harGrones,436,[vote] cash [/vote]Gikkle,437,I'm 2% closer to ending the world
better kill me before thenTheHorla,438,Not yet, actually! It's pretty weak right now. My argument is that you're making the same (weak) argument as I am, but to distance yourself from her.
*shrugs* Regardless of how you define the end of RVS, I did not take their posts seriously. I think you are taking some posts that were not meant to be taken seriously far too seriously, and tied yourself up in knots trying to explain them via post modifiers.
I think the majority of players that were on at the time were wrong about that. 
Yes, depending on what you're analyzing? See the comment above about taking things seriously.
Just trying to understand something here. Did you think he was telling the truth that machine forgot to give his alignment, or not?
I understand that! The facts here are clear. But I think your conclusion was wrong, and I find it suspicious that you came to the conclusion that it was a post modifier.MrEevee7,439,sure, but seeing as it is impossible to have mech info atm, i dont see how it could be that.
and not explaining reads, unless youre just being lazy, doesnt help town at all and makes you look like you dont have any actual reasons for them10000 Jelly Doughnuts,440,Except speculating on pms is useless especially for Req because he does make changes and edits to the template all the time.

Heck, he didn't even put a period in my pm, is that scum indicative?

Also Skrim, give your reasons, let's not play this gameSkrimiche,441,booooo

touché

Cj - I quoted the posts that pinged me earlier while I was reading up. I didn't feel like pushing him (I confess to being lazy!), and I switched off to Eevee soon after because that's a vote I have reasons for doing aside from gut.

Eevee - First, I thought Pandas scumslipped about his alignment not being in his pm. This was because i asked Machine earlier if the "village" in the title of my google doc was my alignment (because it wasnt in the contents of the doc), and he confirmed it. But then I thought about it some more, and realized it was more likely that it was just a goof & not an actual scumslip. Eevee pointing out the contradiction with Panda's PM (being on the hypixel forums and not a google doc) seemed townie to me, but his subsequent hounding of Panda afterwards didn't. You can argue that the attempt at gamesolving is townie, but to me, it looked more like scum going after low-hanging fruit.

anyways im dipping to pet some cats and my dog grandson, ciao o/Skrimiche,442,also the reason why i didnt elaborate on the eevee vote was because i wanted to see how he'd react to it & whether or not he'd continue to push pandasAzmimel,443,Are you trying to trick me into actual pm speculating? Either way, it doesn't change my argument. I found him suspicious because he volunteered the information, not because he claimed machine forgot to give him his alignment.

Oh, so you're not as confident as you seem. 
you're right, it probably wasn't meant to be taken seriously. However, that's how I took it at the time, and since I want to defend myself I am attempting to explain my thought process. 
My conclusion wasn’t that he had a post modifier, my conclusion was that something else was going on here. Post modifier was just an example of something else that could’ve been going on. 
HunterC98,444,where was this mindset back when i horsed around with bold talk and ended up getting myself lynched on just talking around?Grones,445,We be halfway to nightfall, best we line up some choice ruffians to walk the plank! 

I wanna see 
Mito
SkrimGrones,446,Gikkle 


Send them all to the plank!Vizier,447,What flavor stinky? Skunk, onion, rotten food?CjBeats,448,
What happened to me oh cap’n my cap’n? doth thou not know your own heart? What a spicy lad you are oh cap’n-Chan to change up so quickly! 

Mistress Skrimiche-kun, I saw thine post about my stinkiness, but alas I do not understand what pinged you about those? Will you enlighten my darling heart?

And to my dearest jelly, I have seen your point! Oh what a wonderful mind you possess!CjBeats,449,MY LOVELY ARRA OH TO SEE THINE FACE FILLS MY HEART WITH SUCH JOY!!

Tell me, my dearest Arra, doth thou have any thoughts?Scythe,450,"Shall I compare thee to a summer day?"
"You're both hot."Vizier,451,
Nothing really rattles around in this dead head of mine, but I figure I can dig something up to support an idea I have.CjBeats,452,Oh superb! I shall await your return with bated breath!Vizier,453,There's. Not a cupid/lovers role in this setup. Right?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,454,Days I wish I had a vig shotVizier,455,



Edit: Posted meme twice.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,456,You are exceptionally wishy-washy.

[Vote]CJ[/Vote]CjBeats,457,You no longer need one, for this comment is already a knife to the heart! Oh what a cruel, black, wicked, twisted, nasty heart you must possess to say such rudeness to one such as me!CjBeats,458,A man merely knows when to change his mind when faced with arguments that make sense! My mind is not fixed, it is open to one’s voices!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,459,Mmmmmhmmm
You're really wishy washy, not changing your mind with good arguments. It's more that anytime anyone puts any push back on your opinions, you drop back. You've done it like 4 times.Vizier,460,

TheHorla,461,I explicitly stated earlier that my scumread of skrim was pretty weak, so my "confidence" is really just a strawman.
No, you're getting paranoid. You assumed that pandas posting "I don't have an alignment" makes him scummy or a jester - what logically follows is that you assumed he was lying about not having an alignment. If you thought he was telling the truth, his statement is obviously NAI, since he made it before he had an alignment!TheHorla,462,There is literally figuratively nothing to use to form a mito read right now.TheHorla,463,Final thought: Grones is funny as heck, but most of his posts substantively add up to "I want to lynch mito and skrim" or "Thoughts?"Grones,464,A used car for your thots?Grones,465,Lies and deception, mutiny! He be a conspirator, I quoted the ruffian.Mitochondria,466,Pi, do you have an argument against me which doesn’t boil down to “oh he TRs me which means he’s scum trying to pocket me”? I’d hope yes if I’m one of your top lynch targets today Red_Pandas,467,I ran out of reactions, expect no communication from me for exactly 24 hoursMitochondria,468,Maybe this post? Idk, I guess I’m biased but I genuinely fail to see how any of this is scummy. First quote was RVS, second was genuine curiosity and trying to spark discussion, third was my read at the time and an attempt to get some non-RVS discussion going. Fourth is setup spec and thus bad, but ehRed_Pandas,469,the rule hasn't changed at all
probably..
we don't know for sureRed_Pandas,470,yeah tbh no ai in thereGrones,471,Yarrr! I be quoting yer crimes! Ye set us off-course with yer insinuation that post mods be alignment indicative/one o'them be scum! Subtle, but powerful derailing! Typical mutineering!MrEevee7,472,Why mito?
This does seem like a bit of an overreaction thoughRed_Pandas,473,trying to find out why you're scum read is not overreactingGrones,474,Arghh! I be explainin meself o'er and o'er!Grones,475,Jelly be sailing under our radar, methinks.Grones,476,[vote] Gikkle [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,477,
"Slipping under radar"
votes gikkle.

also smh at not reading any of my arguments with CJRed_Pandas,478,I really don't get the thread title tbhGrones,479,With respect, ye olde cap'n closes his eyes and scrolls past e'ery word Cj posts10000 Jelly Doughnuts,480,Oh okay, understandable why you missed it and scum read me. Have a nice day.Grones,481,SR ye? Ne'er said that! Don't ye be puttin words in me mouth like some kind o' freshwater tv show hostMrEevee7,482,No, it's not. But he could have awaited groness response instead of writing an essay. I just found it a bit odd is all.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,483,But you do so...Grones,484,Should I? 


Arghhh!Grones,485,But that were me reasoning! He be askin for me reasoning, and found it! This be a weird position to take, Eevee. I'll have ye swabbing decks for a week for this!Skrimiche,486,good news: the cats like me
bad news: im allergic to catsSkrimiche,487,onions are divine you take that back

sure, gimme a min

ahaha yeah ive never done that as town myself ahahaha
ahaha
aha10000 Jelly Doughnuts,488,Yes. Go on!MrEevee7,489,Well since he clearly wasn't satisfied with the reasoning id expect him to not say anything about it then attack you if thats all you said it was in case there were more reasoningGrones,490,So ye admit to being a scalleywag?!Grones,491,Why would he say nothing? Is he a mute? A dumb landlubber? No, he be a tricksy siren, speech be his gift.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,492,Yes

(I shouldn't have to do the joke here but I will)MrEevee7,493,So that he makes sure he doesn't attack you needlessly..? It's what i would do at leastGrones,494,Why would he be wary o'attacking me "needlessly"? He be scared o' me?Grones,495,This be no laughing matter!Skrimiche,496,On second thought, I agree with Cj on this? Whoops. Not sure why I thought it felt wrong. Might've been the "subjective" bit triggering a primal response in me.

The only thing he questioned from that list (Azmimel scumreading me/Gikkle + townreading Hunter/Panda/Cj) was the scumread on me, which is strange. I'm not sure why he would pick to exclusively focus on me there.

(Context: Grones offers me & Gikkle as lynch candidates, then votes Gikkle, then 2 posts after voting Gikkle tells Cj to stop discussing role PMs because it's derailing the thread*, then 2 posts after that votes Cj.
*@Grones did I get that right? Just wanna make sure I'm understanding the pirate lingo. :3)

I was going to say: "Cj shouldn't be calling out others for being wishy-washy when he's been doing it himself", but when I looked back at the actual posts I had in mind from him, I actually think the progression might be natural? He basically went through the same "Panda scumslipped" --> "Panda/Machine just goofed up" thought process as me, although he stayed at Stage #1 of that longer than I did.


Spoiler: Cj posts












@Gikkle what do you make of this^? My confidence is shattered and my night is ruined. :<Skrimiche,497,@ the cj debacle: im gonna sleep on it
and by sleep on it i mean im gonna forget about it until i remember that im playing in this game tomorrow and check the thread
o/Grones,498,Man, I have no idea, I, myself, lose half the meaning while typing up these posts

ARrghh I mean, ye be right on the trrrrreasure lass!HunterC98,499,isee that we have made a lovely circle of conversation....right where we started 'n such...10000 Jelly Doughnuts,500,You missed how he said I was scummy and then I gave a single response and he decided that was okay.

Hmmm. I don’t have an opinion on mark right now and that concerns me.Red_Pandas,501,very relatableTheHorla,502,I don't actually believe this, fyiTheHorla,503,Day 1 Votecount:
(2) nolynch: Gikkle, HunterC98
(2) cjbeats: 10000 Jelly Doughnuts, Red_Pandas
(2) gikkle: Azmimel, Grones
(1) mreevee7: Skrimiche
(1) chucklenuts: DAREALMoneyMan
(1) mitochondria: Mitochondria
(1) thehorla: Vizier
(3) Not voting: TheHorla, MrEevee7, CjBeats

You can view this votecount and all previous votecounts in the #votecounts channel in Discord.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,504,You can not believe it. I am saying this because as of this moment, it's true.

I'll go through your posts and see what I think after that.MrEevee7,505,[vote] gikkle [/vote]
@GikkleGrones,506,Argh! Well I don't be believing yer disbelief!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,507,

Spoiler: Mark's posts






PREGAME ^
---






























I think these are all of mark's post, did it by hand though so possible I missed one. Going to do a little step by step and assign arbitrary points to each post. These points add up to a fake final score that is entirely real and will determine my read.

Which will come in the next post so I can actually click on the quotes and read them as I'm drafting my response.
---

EDIT: hopefully fixed spoilers
EDIT 2: hopefully fixed spoilers?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,508,The first quarter of the day was rather weak until Mark enters in with his Pandas post, providing evidence to a joke gone awry. Nothing about the post is outstanding towny or scummy wise, although at the time it may have looked as a controversial opinion because of how everyone seemed to be whipped up into a frenzy about Pandas 'scum slip'
+1 Town Points

Asks about Pi pressuring eevee, which is incredibly NAI.

Goes back on his eevee read and admits it's impulsive, agreeing with mito. This I think marks the real end of the Eevee Pandas debate, although people would later also enforce their opinions on it.+1 Town points for admitting fault.

Dislikes a no-lynch, especially honing in on Azimel when at the time there were 4 people actually on the no-lynch train, asking none of them! I'm hesitant to call it tunneling, because it's not quite as aggressive as that, but in a couple posts down still thinks scum team could consist of Azimel, focusing on several things like Azimel considering Pandas to be jester. However, in the thread there were a fair amount of people considering jester as an option, why did Mark latch onto Azimel's posts about that and call it scummy? I feel as if there is some minor tunneling or busing here. +1 Scum points.

(Although looking at skrim's posts, they are rather weak in general, not providing reasoning until after someone calls her out on it bugs me as disinterested at the least and scummy at the most. Either way, NOT GOOD)

Mark continues to attack Azimel for things that other people did as well. +1 scum points. (Half the game was PM/setup speculating. Off the top of my head, Skrim and I did.)

Azimel sets up strawman; the argument continues. I'm now more leaning towards T/S or even T/T. I doubt S/S would use such terrible pushes to bus, and both Azimel and Mark would be fairly coordinated and careful on a bus if this were the case.

Final post is IIoA, heistant to assign scum or town intent to it, but I would argue that seems fairly out of character for him.

Final Score: 2 town points, 2 scum. An Azimel flip would be extremely helpful for resolving Mark; I think. If Az flips scum, Mark's a god-tier townie, because I don't see bussing in this scenario. If Az flips town, I'd hit mark with an investigative or a lynch.

Anyway, my thoughts on Mark. Minor ones on other people that have slipped under my radar.

---
Vizier (Arra): The vibes he gives off seem like someone rusty at mafia, not new. He has played in a couple minis here, but not ones that would justify his knowledge and apparent paranoia about lovers/cupid. I am extremely hesitant to say 'coaching' because that A: make me look like a jerk, and B: has bitten me on the butt of course. It's possible he researched and gained knowledge, and I think that my initial paranoia of 'COACHING?!!?!1!' is unfounded. Slight TR.

Hunter: TR. I have no idea how much Hunter has played before, but I'll assume he's new. He seems townie overwhelmed with learning the game. I think scum would provide more guidance in scum chat if he had rolled wolf. Of course, if Hunter does flip wolf, I think we can assume that wolves are inactive. 

Pi: Pi's town. I just feel it. Gut reasoning is of course bad, but he's acting like he does as town. 

Eevee: I think Eevee is a slight town lean for me, his confusion earlier with Pandas feels genuine. Also I don't think scum eevee naked votes like town does.HunterC98,509,If its anything worth mentioning, I was also aware of a Lovers style of role by Youtube....so that is a full possibilities.Gikkle,510,I'm not sure why you're tagging me specifically when I haven't really interacted with Cj but whatever

Also not sure if you are asking what I think of what you're saying about him or Cj in general

Your analysis is weird
One of your posts is like, why not just ask him why he picked the SR on you out of the others to question. Why make this statement without first asking Cj? Unless you did and I missed it...

I'm not too sure what the point of this analysis is if your conclusion is just "he might be town". Did you have some kind of big SR on him or something and this was supposed to be what made you turn around on that? I don't quite understand why you'd do an analysis on someone and just come up with "his progression MIGHT be natural", unless you strongly SRed them, but I don't see a reason why you would this early. 

Is this supposed to be some kind of test? I genuinely don't understand why you would make this post and not come up with a better conclusion than this.

My opinion on Cj? Idk, I haven't bothered trying to read him. Only people I've formed reads on are Mark(TR), Mito(LTR), Pandas(TR), and Eevee(LSR). Maybe someone else I've forgotten about, idk.Gikkle,511,How come you can't delete post drafts anymore :/Skrimiche,512,i did? p sure i only did it for like 2 posts before realizing it was a dead end

what other info would an azmimel flip give?

because i love you

i
...
hey @CjBeats why did you pick out the SR on me out of the others to question

i thought i had a (lightish?) scumread on him but then i lost confidence in it when i went to look at the posts that pinged me

gosh gikkle dont make me spell it out
it's 'cause im baaad ( ༎ຶ ۝ ༎ຶ )Red_Pandas,513,feeling good, might make 1 singular readGikkle,514,w.shoot Skrimiche
Mmm
Alright
What's your current read on Cj now then? Null? Light TR?
Sorry Red_Pandas,515,what do this meanGikkle,516,Information instead of analysisRed_Pandas,517,well I managed to read an entire ISO without forming any opinions at all
10000 Jelly Doughnuts,518,Information on Pandas. If Azimel flips scum, I'd say its safe to assume Pandas isn't scum.
That happens sometimes :/Skrimiche,519,if 1 is town and 10 is scum, then he's at about a 6Grones,520,Who ye ruffians be lynching?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,521,I'd be fine with a CJ or Azimel lynch for reasons stated somewhere in the thread.

Or you for the memes.HunterC98,522,about 6 hours till the notalynch happens, if someone is intent on going in the gallows, time is a running out..Gikkle,523,I think I'm top wagon rn
idek whyTheHorla,524,Why does gikkle have votes lolHunterC98,525,Oh? Welp, guess the gallows will be claiming a soul.....less folks wise up.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,526,Agreed, looks like some of them are for no reason lolRed_Pandas,527,[unvote][/unvote]TheHorla,528,Really don't understand the case against gikkle (literally none of his posts have registered with me.) Reading back, but until then [vote]No lynch[/vote]HunterC98,529,all i have on Gikkle so far is some very brazen remarks that honestly read as trying to bluff about an assigned role, and as much as i actually wanna vote for him..it just doesnt seem worth lynching in my eyes..Skrimiche,530,not me? ;O

also what
people are voting gikkle?HunterC98,531,A handful are, but right now looks like No lynch is winning.Grones,532,Yarrr! no lynching be a funny!

[vote] no lynch [/vote]TheHorla,533,You going to explain why you were originally on the gikkle wagon and are now switching off?TheHorla,534,Day 1 Votecount:
(4) nolynch: Gikkle, Grones, TheHorla, HunterC98
(1) cjbeats: 10000 Jelly Doughnuts
(2) gikkle: Azmimel, MrEevee7
(1) mreevee7: Skrimiche
(1) chucklenuts: DAREALMoneyMan
(1) mitochondria: Mitochondria
(1) thehorla: Vizier
(2) Not voting: Red_Pandas, CjBeats
The next votecount will be processed in 0.5 hours. You can view this votecount and all previous votecounts in the #votecounts channel in Discord.Grones,535,Methinks he be conspirators along the vile Skrimiche. Their RVS be more rotton than a landlubber's body left at sea.Grones,536,I be opposed to sendin ol' sailor Azimel down ye plankGrones,537,Both o' these 'ere sailors be experienced voyagers. They be from Port Chucklefish. 

Methinks yer Arra read be mighty suspiciousitious, on me grandmother's warts! Ye say ye be disregardin yer paranoia and yer seasickness, an' then ye reckon 'im a loyal sailor. If ye aint factorin in no coaching, none o'that, then what have ye to base yer read o'him? Ye mention but nothin else!TheHorla,538,Expand on this please?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,539,Why?
Yea but if someone starts playing mafia again after a break, it takes them a bit to get in the groove of things.
Also arra’s posted like 15 times, most of them being memes, calm a bit down in asking for a surefire read. I saw one post that was weird and then discounted it when I was being unreasonable.MrEevee7,540,[unvote] [/unvote]MrEevee7,541,Why are we no lynching..?Grones,542,Then why ye be readin 'im as a loyal sailor, instead o' null?Grones,543,erybody be voting Skrimiche off the plank early, an' Gikkle be mighty strange when he be doing it.


These posts be soundin' the bells o' enemy fire, methinks.

Voyagin on, he be letting out mysterious words

An' with no explanation o'er th'horizon

He be a dangerous pirate, methinksAzmimel,544,Reading up right now. One of us should be on for EoD.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,545,I said slight town read. Like so slight it nearly doesn’t matter.Grones,546,Hmmmmmm
Arrrrrrr ye suuurrrre 'bout that? Ye clearrrrly considered it important enough t'include in yer listAzmimel,547,[unvote][/unvote]

I didn't vote at all yesterday, so I'm almost certain that the Gikkle vote is from RVS.



I logged on a couple of minutes after he posted claiming mafia. I think the above is my first post of the day.I guessed this was a ploy by him to get voted, and that sharing the information about his PM was another way to make himself suspicious. It didn't matter to my argument that was he said was the truth or not, what mattered is that he decided to share it with us.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,548,I literally said above it: people who have been slipping under my radar. Smh illiterate pirate.Grones,549,Hmrrrrrr
Arghhhh
I be keepin me good eye on ye, tricksy sea dogRorschach,550,Guys remember to submit your flavors for game B, EOD is coming up and so is the deadline for that. Please submit it in your game B folder excel if possible, that automates things and makes the turnaround a lot quicker.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,551,Oh. Yea I should do that.DAREALMoneyMan,552,Just read and up and things. Not going to bother to give reads on people I didn't pay attention to. Even though I have done it in the past, I am disappointed people aren't following up on stuff they think is scummy just because jester is possible in this game. You guys are better than me!

Azmimel thingy



Spoiler: Full ISO




























































Spoiler: Notable Posts




Reported for bad takes. You are trying to rationalize his scummy behavior via "oh maybe post modifier!" 
I'd like to mention that I didn't find what Panda said about his pm not including his faction was scummy! If it was true, I feel like the other scum mates would notice, given the team follows the typical 1:4 ratio, they were missing someone. Back on topic, if you say he was being so scummy (even if obvious), why are you attempting to find an excuse for him (oh, he is probably Jester, or has a post modifier). Just because it is possible in the game does not mean you value it over dayplay. ALSO, a post modifier making you act scummy is stupid and I don't see Machine adding it. You could then chalk off all scummy behaviors to the modifier.
Because it was a joke? He was making light of the situtation?
Take note for later (referring to Panda).
It is always RVS for Panda (but I agree we shouldn't pass things off just because they say "oH it was RVS!"). You say here that you don't think he is towny, and referring to above post you said he was either village idiot or neutral. Thus, you think he is neutral in your own words. If you really thought he was neutral, why aren't you trying to see what type of neutral he is or voting him!
Town points here.

I have done this along with many other people in many other games. It is an obvious joke I:
NAI!! I don't think admitting that you made a boo boo is alignment indicative.
Refer to the post above x2
Well I don't think he really needed to say it was a joke considering it was obvious.
Too lazy to see what you are responding to here :/
Already said why this is stupid!



[vote]Azmimel[/vote]

I am also suspicious of Cj and Panda but I have other things to do. Like Bike. And Eat. And SleepDAREALMoneyMan,553,Also Mark you should give me the ISO bot!TheHorla,554,I am too tired to keep arguing here but this is another strawman. I am saying that if panda did not know his alignment, then him posting "I don't have an alignment" is obviously NAI. If you think he is lying for some reason, that is a different argument (and closer to the one you made.) When reading pandas, it matters what you thought his PM read; that is why I said you were speculating about his PM.Rorschach,555,Ryast has the ISO bot, not Mark.TheHorla,556,Ryast posted a link in #announcementsSkrimiche,557,why me owo
your post elaborating on this only had gikkle quotes

do you think azmimel & pandas are on the same scumteam or different scum alignmentsGrones,558,Gikkle be voting ye, then he be opposed t'me voting ye. It be worrying, like an ill tide.MrEevee7,559,Is there a reason were no lynching..?HunterC98,560,cause most everyone who was willing to lynch has either no voted or unvoted.Grones,561,Nightfall be in 10 minutesGrones,562,Arrrr! I be wrrrrrong! 50 minutes!Red_Pandas,563,[vote] no-lynch [/vote]
why notGrones,564,[vote] panda [/vote] 
I be a wacky pirateSkrimiche,565,bruh you made me panicHunterC98,566,I made myself panic..i thought i missed it.Skrimiche,567,[vote]no-lynch[/vote]Mitochondria,568,Refuse to vote for a D1 no lynch on principle so uh

[vote] Skrim [/vote]Mitochondria,569,Actually nah, I think Skrim's fine

[vote] Gikkle [/vote]10000 Jelly Doughnuts,570,Why Gikkle?Gikkle,571,i'm a good boi
I just like human flesh, nothing wrong with thatMitochondria,572,Bad gut feel, didn't do much of anything today, no other targets I feel strongly about right now.Mitochondria,573,Actually that's a lie, my pet theory is that Pi's scum but y'all ain't ready for that discussion yetDAREALMoneyMan,574,SameDAREALMoneyMan,575,Wait- why are we no lynching? Meh.Grones,576,I'lla turn'a you into'a pasta lasagna mama miaHunterC98,577,captain....who is this italian dude?TheHorla,578,Oh I'm ready for that discussion!


Re: today's lynch, fine with no lynch since the gikkle wagon is really weak and I'm not confident in anyone else (even azmimel) to eliminate.Rorschach,579,Esther is wheeled into the large room by a rather tall butler fellow, his tailcoats hovering so as not to touch the floor, and he carefully unfolds a little table and places it in the center of the room.

"You really chose not to lynch anyone?" Esther says distastefully, her eyes narrowing, eyelids you never knew were there stretching to do so. "You are all fools. You have one minute to kill someone. Or else." She says, as the butler places a large shotgun on the table. 

The first player to reply to this post with [SHOOT] @Player [/SHOOT] will take the gun and kill the player they tag.Grones,580,Who arrrrrre ye an' what ye done to th'real MarkTheHorla,581,Ever since gikkle and I got stats on our D1 lynch record, I've come around pretty hard in favour of D1 no-lynching when we have zero clue what to do. We used to NL all the time (and had a decent track record back then) - we should revive the practice!Grones,582,ARGHHH NOBODY TAKE TH'GUNGrones,583,IF ANY O' YE USE TH'GUN I BE HUNTIN' FOR YE TILL THE END O' ME DAYSRorschach,584,"Well? I'm waiting. If you do not do it, I will kill three of you where you stand." Esther says tersely.Gikkle,585,[SHOOT]@Rorschach[/SHOOT]TheHorla,586,Yeah, anyone who uses this gun without discussion gets lynched today.Grones,587,AAAAAAAAAADAREALMoneyMan,588,Can we kill Azmel Grones,589,AAAAAAAAAARRRDAREALMoneyMan,590,WE NEED TO CHOOSE SOMEONE OR 3 MORE DIE - I DON'T WANT TO DIEETheHorla,591,Everyone, relax. 

If machine wants us to lynch someone, then we'll do it. Do not shoot.Gikkle,592,kinda wanna shoot skrim... Not for any good reason, I've just always wanted to do it in a proper mafia game instead of a wolfia game...DAREALMoneyMan,593,but what if I shot scum :>Rorschach,594,There is no Rorschach in the game.Grones,595,How about I shoot ye, ye scalleywagGikkle,596,what happens if I shoot myselfDAREALMoneyMan,597,guys there is 1 minute until eod so we dont have time to change the wagon from no lynchGrones,598,RIP 3 people arrrrrghDAREALMoneyMan,599,I rather that then 3 random people dyingGikkle,600,[SHOOT]@Gikkle[/SHOOT]

LETS GOOORorschach,601,You lose the game if you shoot yourself.

EOD was 15 minute ago. Welcome to twilight.Grones,602,NOOOOOOOO ARGHHHGikkle,603,Great!Rorschach,604,Action not submitted properly.Grones,605,[shoot]@Mitochondria[/shoot]
GIKKLE WHY ARGHHHDAREALMoneyMan,606,WHY10000 Jelly Doughnuts,607,oh shoot, no pun intended.Gikkle,608,[SHOOT] @Gikkle [/SHOOT]DAREALMoneyMan,609,watch as mito is scum though lmaoGrones,610,I BE SO CONFUSED HELP MEEEEEGrones,611,NO 
ARGHHH STOP WHYYYYGikkle,612,You didn't do it correctly either, you fool!

SEE Y'ALL IN THE AFTERLIFE

IT'S BETTER THAN SLOWLY WALKING FOR ETERNITY TOWARDS MY ROOMDAREALMoneyMan,613,why has my post count in twilight been triple than that of dayGrones,614,[SHOOT] @Mitochondria [/SHOOT]

Arghhh! TAKE MINE NOT GIKKLE I BE THE CAP'NTheHorla,615,...Grones,616,MITO BE SCUM YARR HARR HARRGrones,617,Arghhh I be blamin' Gikkle 
He be an agent o' chaos, a bombardier10000 Jelly Doughnuts,618,What the heck was that?1Grones,619,GIKKLE BE TOWN IF HE BE SHOOTIN' 'IMSELF 

I BE SAVIN A LOYAL SAILOR ABOARD THIS VESSEL10000 Jelly Doughnuts,620,I meant with mito, but honestly thanks for the explanation for town gikkle too?TheHorla,621,gikkle is town right lol

like

there's no wayRorschach,622,
Gikkle and Grones rush for the gun, however, Grones is just a bit faster, pulling the gun out and aiming it at @Mitochondria.

The gun explodes in his face, and @Grones topples to the ground.






"That's better." Esther says. "Perhaps this will teach the rest of you to be more decisive." She says, gesturing as the butler wheels her out of the room, picking up the gun from the corpse of Grones as they pass.

Day 1 has ended.Gikkle,623,I have a thick shell skull, I can take it!Grones,624,If Gikkle be shootin' 'imself, he be violatin' the CODE! He be breakin 'is wincon, so the 'eavens be strikin 'im down in MODKILL

but he be shootin' 'imself

a negative times a negative be a positive YARRRRR 

HE LIVES!
@Rorschach LET 'IM LIVEGikkle,625,c'mon man!TheHorla,626,jfcGrones,627,????
GIKKLE BE FIRST YARRRRAzmimel,628,EXCUSE ME 

wtfGrones,629,@Rorschach Gikkle actually shot and formatted correctly before me, though.Gikkle,630,I am canonically the slowest person in this game. I will probably not make it to my room until September/October.DAREALMoneyMan,631,no role flip?Gikkle,632,^ this

I shot myself fair and square! Let it happen!Grones,633,day is over no more discussion!!!!Rorschach,634,Night has started. No further game discussion is allowed. I did not make any errors.Rorschach,635,Forgot to add the song to the Start of Night Post.
Updated.Grones,636,@Rorschach title btwRorschach,637,As you all begin to enter the main dining area for breakfast, you recognize an old, surprisingly not dead face. @Grones was fortunate, and the gunshot blast was not fatal. On the other hand... @MrEevee7 will not be joining you. Not only are both of his left legs missing, but he is in fact, dead. The poor centaur.

The stench of death is strong. There's a raven sitting on the tables. Dead. A nametag on it indicates that its name was "Clive."
A note from Esther sits with it. "Don't disappoint me today. Or I will make sure you are disappointed in yourselves."



Spoiler: MrEevee7 Flip



Virgil the Centaur, the Village Lie Detecting Oracular Vigilante



I hope you enjoy your breakfast as the sun rises...

Day will end at 4:30 PM EST on Sunday, August 8th, with a Twilight of 1.5 hours.Skrimiche,638,uh ohhhhRed_Pandas,639,that seems that it would be powerfulGikkle,640,I've totally forgotten basically everything that happened in this game

Who did we suspect again? Mito?Azmine,641,Pi, did anything happen while you were "dead"Azmimel,642,you’re on the wrong accountAzmimel,643,Wow that's crazyHunterC98,644,Oh captain my captain, are you still alive?TheHorla,645,How does Oracular work?Red_Pandas,646,by miracle, probably caused by him being coolRorschach,647,Ask question, receive answer.TheHorla,648,Was the scope of the questions limited in any way?Rorschach,649,
HunterC98,650,Answer it NOBALLSGikkle,651,Isoing myself to jog my memory as to what has happened


Spoiler: my posts












































Gikkle,652,Mark/Pandas/Grones I guess are my TRs for today? Idk I'm going with my past self

I also apparently TRed Mito but idk whyGikkle,653,ISOing Eevee for nk analysis purposes


Spoiler: Eevee ISO






























Gikkle,654,Eevee's main contribution was pushing Pandas
Some shade thrown on Mito at some point too but nothing significantGikkle,655,[VOTE]Pandas[/VOTE]

carrying on my boy eevee's legacy!10000 Jelly Doughnuts,656,The pandas argument isn't really strong at all. I wouldn't think mafia would go and try to frame Pandas by killing eevee when the read was mediocre.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,657,I'm honestly confused about the NK in general. Eevee is usually lynchbait, not a NK. What is mafia doing?Gikkle,658,Doesn't your second sentence support the pandas argument
They aren't gonna be trying to frame him, so the only real reason to kill Eevee is to silence him if pandas is scumGikkle,659,In what game was eevee killed n1 because mafia was purposefully doing weird kills
Can anyone remind meMitochondria,660,I'm gonna be honest, I forgot everything that was happening in this game

Big wtf to Pi for trying to kill me when I wasn't on at the very end of the last day phase, not a fan of that play at all. Personal feelings about getting merc'd aside, it was super impulsive and, imo, big scum energy to make a move like that.Grones,661,I lived *****Grones,662,Yarrr ye be scumGrones,663,No yarrrrrGrones,664,It was be to save Gikkle and 3 townies yarrrr

Ye be scumAzmimel,665,Any thoughts beyond thatGrones,666,The mutineers be cowards n killed a sailor who ne'er voted a soul. We be hardp'essed t'read this 'ere kill.Grones,667,He be scum
I be a soulreadin cap'nTheHorla,668,I am backAzmimel,669,I mean you soulread jelly last game so I'm almost inclined to believe you.10000 Jelly Doughnuts,670,Ah. Yea. Whoops. Sorry. Yea. That's what I mean.Rorschach,671,Hi back, I'm dad.Red_Pandas,672,Ngl I would probably be the mafia member that would be the most sacrifice-able
I don't think mafia would want to keep ,me alone so much they kill eevee just for having a slight scum read on me
if I had a powerful role maybe
but I dont think that would be the entire reason the kill happenedAzmimel,673,This post reeks of town idkGrones,674,Mafia most likely be lookin at votes
Eevee be a no-voter
they be killin 'imTheHorla,675,Sorry just quoting this post as a test10000 Jelly Doughnuts,676,What do you mean?Azmimel,677,Why would they want to kill a novoter?Grones,678,Mafia be wishin' t'lay low. They be murderin' sailors who 'ave no strong reads. Eevee ended day on no vote, yarrr!Grones,679,This be no hypothetical. Look'er at the vote counts, ye scalleywag. Eevee be never votin.Azmimel,680,Yes, but what's your pointCjBeats,681,Did not most of the lads and ladies within this establishment either not vote or vote for a no-lynch? I do not think voting is the right way to look at this.Grones,682,-_-
Ye be intentionally obtuse, yarrrrAzmimel,683,Probably, it's kinda lateGrones,684,The laws o' this ship, the Game C, be dictatin' that any sailor that be killed, be a loser. If ye wish to win this 'ere voyage, ye live. The wincons be different, and we be no-lynchin'.Red_Pandas,685,why?Red_Pandas,686,I didn't post yesterday when I first read stuff but Gikkle's vote on me purely off of continuing Eevee's legacy
it just doesn't seem like something a town would actually doRed_Pandas,687,I like azmimels posts tbhRed_Pandas,688,It feels like Eevee was pretty controversial yesterday and slightly scum read so I'm confused on why scum decided to kill EeveeRed_Pandas,689,sorry for the quintuple post O_O

I kiiiind of don't like Skrim's posts, but not enough to feel like it deserves a scumread
I think I need some others thoughts for this read
what do y'all think of Skrim?Grones,690,Ye be right, we be sendin her off the plank10000 Jelly Doughnuts,691,What’s up with Skrim?Grones,692,/shrug
YarrCjBeats,693,/shrug?Red_Pandas,694,I was thinking something a bit more specific but I guess that worksGrones,695,I be messin' with Pandas
He may be a mutineer, methinks 
"Skrimiche should die maybe? Thoughts?" 
Be the mutineer words.Red_Pandas,696,that is an extreme misinterpretation of my words, captain.Grones,697,A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P 
a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p 


yarr!Grones,698,YarrrRed_Pandas,699,yeah but then that makes it confusing to quoteGikkle,700,who da heck tripped over me last nightGikkle,701,@Red_Pandas what are your reads?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,702,Was that you lol?CjBeats,703,What doth thou mean trip?Skrimiche,704,you forgot why you scumread me, didnt youGikkle,705,was it you, Jelly?!! Very rude!CjBeats,706,Pwease Gikkle wikkle, expwain to wittle ole me.Gikkle,707,someone tripped over me CjBeats,708,I do not understand.Gikkle,709,you don't need to.CjBeats,710,HmmGrones,711,Yarrrr, I be questionin' the importance o' this voyage 

I propose a nolynch again! Yarrr!
[vote] no lynch [/vote]Gikkle,712,can't believe mafia chose eevee to lose first
they must hate eevee personally, since he wasn't even that big of a voice
wow mafia, so rude10000 Jelly Doughnuts,713,Look, I didn't mean to.Gikkle,714,I also got a pillow last night, thanks to whoever gave that to me. much comfy.Red_Pandas,715,any apparent consequences or effects?
Almost no reads tbh, but so far Pi TR and Azmimel slight tr
Pi we have to get flip info at SOME point
Agreed
any effects?Azmimel,716,Not a single sr?Red_Pandas,717,Nope, not one!Red_Pandas,718,Money has barely posted and the only post he seemed to put effort into is just weak arguments against already weak-ish points
it's not like bad-bad so I'm not sure if it is enough to make me feel like a possible S!Money or not
but it is thereRed_Pandas,719,this isn't responding to Azmimel's question, this is cause I JUST looked at Money's postsGikkle,720,who we killinTheHorla,721,[vote]Grones[/vote]

Still very loopy right now, but my reasoning right now is something like this:
- voting no lynch on D1 is an actually sound idea, but voting no lynch on D2 is bad
- him picking up the gun and shooting mito was actually really scummy
- gonna say that still being alive after being blown up is kinda scummy, despite his (feigned?) surprise todayTheHorla,722,The flip side of this argument, though, is that shooting another player is a better play than shooting yourself. Obviously what gikkle did was super townie, but he had a 100% chance of killing town; from town-pi's perspective, he had a 1/4 chance of hitting scum, which is better odds than gikkle's play.

The other tinfoil theory is that gikkle is scum, knew the thing was harmless, and shot himself for town points, but that strikes me as super unlikely.

Still overall, decent scumread on grones for now; I'll keep my vote here for now.Red_Pandas,723,I have no ideaRed_Pandas,724,The forced killing at EoD had almost no hints beforehand possibly revealing it, Mafia would almost never know whether it was real/fake unless Esther (or whoever the person was, I think thats who) is working with the mafia.
I feel like Gikkle self-shot would be extremely risky of a play from scum so that makes me feel like it was a town move.
I would have to check back but if Pi had an SR on Mito it can make sense from a town PoV
however from what I remember, and saw from reading back for reads, Mito wasn't his strongest SR at least from appearance, as compared to people like Skrim and Gikkle (iirc)

Decent point though overall, I didn't do much speculating on pi's shots so this could be a very possible thing
This also makes sense
also I keep forgetting that pi got blown up by itharass,725,never knew a new mafia game was going on
/backupTheHorla,726,I mean, I don't want to speculate too much since there's just a chance the thing was harmless for anyone. But it's a big ??? why he's still here

I also have some thoughts about his actual reads but I really need sleep, I'll post them asap tomorrow; hopefully we can get decent discussion in the last 12ish hours or so and get a decent lynchTheHorla,727,Oh yeah I forgot lol

Grones is voting no lynch even after what happened yesterday

Machine sent a clear message that no lynches -> bad, and grones is basically going "yeah let's touch that hot poker again yarrrr"Grones,728,I be forgivin Mark's votes o' me since he be dyin' and recoverin', from his landlubber vaccine.Grones,729,Also, Mito be scum.CjBeats,730,Then why not vote him instead of a no lynch?Red_Pandas,731,[VOTE] Grones [/VOTE] igGrones,732,Pandas and Mito be scum, methinks

Panda be a timid scum, he be saying this





He never be taking strong stances aboard his vessel. He be test th'waters, lookin' through a glass t'see if fellow mutineers be with 'im. 

Mito/Panda/Someone else 
Mutineerers! 

[vote] Panda [/vote]Red_Pandas,733,I never have strong stances on anything in mafia
this isnt a new thingGrones,734,Maybe so, but ye be testin' th'water to mislynch POOR SKRIMICHE YARRRRRRed_Pandas,735,"I kiiiind of don't like Skrim's posts, but not enough to feel like it deserves a scumread"
as in
"I don't have a Skrim SR because their posts aren't quite bad enough"
also don't you have a Skrim SR?Grones,736,No, I be spurrin ye on t'see what ye do
I be naked votin Skrimiche, and ye went "ok cool". That be tellin' me ye perfectly good with her bein' thrown o'erboard. If ye didn't SR her, why ye be sayin:
Hmmm? 
Yerrrrrr a scum one! Mr Grinch!Red_Pandas,737,I was trying to say "maybe elaborate on why"
worded in a passive-aggressive kind of wayGikkle,738,Why are y'all voting Grones10000 Jelly Doughnuts,739,Money's busy rn.

Pandas reads are a bit sheepish imo, I could see a scum pandas. Placeholder vote, so I don’t get punished if I didn’t vote.

Sorry, busy today. Might be on before EOD but I don’t see it. 

[Vote]Pandas[/Vote]TheHorla,740,I actually agree on the pandas read but why is Mito scum lolGrones,741,Gut and this post
YarrrrTheHorla,742,I'm a bit more sane now fyi

It's kinda suspicious that jelly is parroting pi's vote JUST as I vote grones, which I did not expect

So I see sorta two possible scum teams: pandas/azmine or jelly/piTheHorla,743,That post is fine? I would scumread you if you shot me. And Mito has barely done anything so no idea how you can have a gut read on them in any direction.Grones,744,One death wasn't enough for these mutineer traitors yarrrGrones,745,T H E G U T 

Y A R RRed_Pandas,746,Mark made some posts about it
who am I sheeping with my votes though?
that post is fine?
gut is not enough hereRed_Pandas,747,with my reads*Red_Pandas,748,im pretty sure all my reads are original except the Pi read which ofc is because of markTheHorla,749,Yeah pandas is wheeling votes iirc, he's just being super underconfidentGikkle,750,Oh wait people only lose the game when they are lynched? Not when nked I guess according to the wording of the ruleTheHorla,751,Should read "isn't sheeping"Gikkle,752,Spring has sprung?Azmimel,753,S-Skrim is scum?10000 Jelly Doughnuts,754,Okay on lunch (not lynch, phone) break. Let me explain my pandas read, because I didn’t even see pi’s post really in depth.

Pandas feels noncommittal in any of his reads, which isn’t AI in itself, but then he asks about Cash. Cash, who is out of the game entirely rn, has been immune to lynches and what not afaik, and tries to get suspicion on him. That’s something pretty hard to miss, and I feel like pandas is trying to make a distraction somehow. Therefore scum.

Pi’s scummy too imo, but I have that weird feeling he could be jester and hope someone would be kind enough to kill him.Azmimel,755,oh we’re doing this again, are we?Azmimel,756,From machine on the discord

"
@Player i am making the executive decision to extend day 24 hours due to some housekeeping issues I need to deal with potentially preventing me from having internet during day end.

Day will now end at 4:45 on Monday, with a twilight of 1.5 hours. 

Game B will start 15 minutes after twilight ends in games A&C.
"Mitochondria,757,[vote] Pi [/vote]

Barring a dramatic new development, my vote's probably not moving. Mark kinda stole my thunder, but here are the main reason's Pi's probably scum:
-Again, the gun play was terrible. I'm biased, yeah, but I've never been in a situation where someone's been killed right at EoD when they can't defend themselves by town. Huge town points for Gikkle for his response; Gikkle, if you're scum then congrats, you pocketted me.

-Voting for someone immediately after Mark called him out for no lynching is a bad look imo. I also think it's odd he went for Pandas instead of me (and the no lynch instead of me yesterday) considering half his posts are about he soulreads me as scum. Why is he shading me (and trying to daykill me lol) instead of getting a wagon going?

-As I said yesterday, Pi's D1 play was blegh. I can go back through the posts and find examples of all these things if anyone really wants, but I remember disliking how much he was/is controlling the thread and discussion (shooting down discussion topics he didn't like, e.g. some CJ/Jelly (?) argument from yesterday, trying to railroad my death at EoD yesterday, etc.). My pet theory is that the pirate modifier's faked so he can seem more entertaining (thus more townie) and get away with having leaps in logic by blaming misinterpretations of his post on the modifier.

Unrelated question but @Gikkle was your human flesh problem resolved last night?Grones,758,Machine be threatenin t'kill 3 people. Gikkle conftown. You? Probably scum. Yarrrr it be the best play aboard the vessel


Gettin' ye lynched be a fool's errand. easier t'get yer fellow mutineer.



Idk what this be meanin' so I be ignorin' it.

I be willin' t'hop off th'plank, but absolutely kill Mito and Panda after I flip Town yarrrr harrrGrones,759,This lynch o'me be very strrrrange. Scum motivated, obviously. Mito and Panda be needin' t'die, ye landlubbers'll see. Yarrrrrr

Last scum (if there) be unknown t'me.Grones,760,NoGrones,761,My role be verrrrrrry scummy so I be not claimin even if I be fixin' t'die. If I die, I die. I won't be winnin even if town be winnin' but I be biased, anywhoo, so do be sendin Mito and Panda off th'boat when I be gone.

Rid me o'this cursed post modifier
[vote] Panda [/vote]Red_Pandas,762,When did I ask about cash
the person I actually asked about was Skrim, Cash is just the one who I have the least of a read on out of the players I've looked at.
I actually have been forgetting that Cash is immune to stuff, but I don't even want to Lynch them so that shouldn't even matter right now
Don't use the extremely slim possibility of a jester to avoid a Lynch on them
If you could explain why he's more scummy then you that would be great
If you think there are 2 scum you know of it shouldn't matter much who you decide to kill
this doesn't make sense from town
What is this
Bad
ScummyRed_Pandas,763,Anyone else find it extremely weird that Gikkle is just now theorizing about this, instead of on day 1?

(also just noticed @Rorschach thread title is incorrect I think)Grones,764,I don't really wanna reply to this bc none of the things you said mean anything
I feel like youre purposefully misunderstanding my posts or just asking questions to appear like you're open to changing your mind, when you really just want a mislynch.

Anyways, imma dip for rest of day because I don't really understand what game C is even for? And with Mark and Mito trying to get me lynched, I'm probably dead anyways, which ofc means I lose the game and idc about town winning if I lose, cuz im a wacky selfish biatch. Anywhoo, kill Panda and Mito afterwards.

Yarrrr!Rorschach,765,When they die.Rorschach,766,Shhhhh nooooo its perfect definitely says Day 2Gikkle,767,The fact you find it weird is weird because I just went back to look at the rules and that's why I'm talking about it lolGikkle,768,I still have a craving for human flesh, but I wouldn't call it a problem.Skrimiche,769,grones town
won't be on for most of today (or this week in general tbh) but let it be known!Skrimiche,770,grones town bc he's not acting like he does as scum (from what i remember, anyways; dont rly use/pay attention to meta personally)Red_Pandas,771,You're dodging everything I said in the post, by saying I'm misunderstanding your posts. (If we're both misunderstanding each other this much that would be bad but I don't see exactly how I'm misunderstanding what you're saying.)
If you really think I'm misunderstanding your posts in a way that's harmful to the town right now, you should be correcting what you said or what I misunderstood about it. If I'm getting everything wrong I really would like to know that.
Also referring to me voting someone I SR as "wanting a mislynch" is very scummy to say imo
I can't even explain how bad this sounds
Hm, must be me then.
I just feel like half-way through D2 is a weird time to be looking back at the rules
This doesn't make sense to meTheHorla,772,Reading up